---
archive:
- 2010-01
categories:
- blog
date: '2010-01-27T23:26:55'
oldpaths:
- /post/356819253
- /post/356819253/things-that-make-me-say-meh-about-the-ipad
slug: '1264634815'
tags:
- nerdiness
title: Things that make me say "meh" about the iPad
---

- Apps come from the App Store only.  I can handle having a locked down
  system for a phone, since I expect a lot less from it.  For this large
  of a device, I expect a more flexible and open platform.
- Syncs through iTunes.  iTunes is for syncing music and other media to
  media devices.  The iPad takes us even farther from the original iPods,
  so why are we still using the old system?  The iPad should be able to
  act as a stand alone device, and all syncing should be through
  a separate sync application with plugin functionality.  That way syncing
  is not restricted to what Apple builds into iTunes.  When I press sync,
  why can't I have ALL of my apps sync?  It sounds like iPhone 3.2 allows
  for a shared files folder that can mount on the host computer, though
  how this works, we still don't have details.  If somehow apps can
  automatically sync using this, that would be a little bit better than
  the current situation, but it seems like an awkward separation of
  syncing methods.
- Honestly I don't care that much about multitasking; the only things
  I wish I could have are: 1) streaming audio apps being able to play in
  the background and 2) an easier way to handle texts/emails, such as
  a pop-up that doesn't force exiting the current app.

The hardware seems great to me.  I don't care about the specs.

I guess I really just wish Apple would have taken Mac OS and skinned it
with a new touch interface instead of taking iPhone OS and making it
bigger.  I don't want a big iPod touch, I want a tablet Mac.

Honestly, I am secretly hoping that this will be a big flop so that Apple
can take the beautiful things they have done and make a really amazing
device.
