+++
archive = ["2009-08"]
date = "2009-08-24T20:42:47"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1251146567"
title = "on (to) wisconsin!"
+++

ok, yup, i have a blog. i am alive, mostly moved in to my new apartment in
madison, and i finished up my second day of graduate school orientation.
i'm scared, overwhelmed, nervous, but excited. this is going to be crazy.

things back in california wrapped up pretty uneventfully:

went out on the friday before i left with my coworkers to a sushi
restaurant. it was fun, until my coworkers started doing some really silly
drunk things, so i felt like i had to stick around for awhile to make sure
they were home safe.

sunday was the statewide ysa conference, and i got to sing in the choir.
i don't think anyone knew or cared that it was my last sunday, which was
fine: i kept a low profile the whole summer.

my last week at work had some days full of rushing around getting things
done and then some days that were completely boring. friday was my last
day, and there was also a team quarterly at the waterpark, so it was fun
leaving intel while playing lasertag and driving gokarts. packing and
cleaning went pretty quickly, and i set out on the road saturday morning.

i debated doing a series of blogs to talk about my freaking long drive to
wisconsin, but it was too boring :(. and my iphone camera got too
scratched up to take pictures, so no picture blogs until i fix it :(.

nevada was depressingly long as usual, but i got into provo on saturday
night to meet up with mariam which was awesome. we went and saw district
9 (my choice), and that was quite enjoyable. sunday morning i went to
mariam's apartment for french toast, then we walked up to campus to find
a church meeting to go to (wasn't too hard). sunday evening we took a walk
up around bridalveil falls and enjoyed the beautiful evening. monday
morning we got breakfast at gurus, did some hiking up rock canyon. then
mariam made her choice of movies so we went to see (500) days of summer
(CHICK FLICK), after which we hit up RL with kenji, laura, and michelle.
good times as usual. i headed out tuesday morning.

wyoming was bland, but i started hitting storms as soon as i got into
nebraska. things got pretty interesting after north platte, and i started
hydroplaning and not being able to see about 20 miles west of kearney.
thankfully i made it alive and spent the night at a luxurious econolodge.
wednesday morning the sky was clear, so i expected to have an easy drive
into wisconsin, but of course i caught back up with the storm around des
moines. i thought i had made it through, but as soon as i started turning
north towards cedar rapids, i knew that the storm was going to catch up.
and of course, it continued to get stronger... quite a few tornado
warnings in north east iowa, and i would not be surprised if some of them
were pretty close. the few other cars of the road kept driving, so i did
also, but i started get blown around and the rain started coming down in
waves. i had about 10 feet of visibility for awhile. i finally pushed
through and the sky started getting clear as i got closer to dubuque.
driving into madison was smooth sailing.

well, thats all i will write for now. i want to talk about my new
apartment and everything going on here in madison later. but so far,
things are going well!

