---
archive: [2009-08]
date: '2009-08-26T04:00:44'
old_paths: [/archive/2009/08/25/whoops.html, /wp/2009/08/25/whoops/, /2009/08/25/whoops/,
  /blog/324]
slug: '1251259244'
tags: [personal]
title: whoops
---

so, today i decided i needed to wash my jeans. since i want my jeans to
last a long time and $1.50 seems like a lot of money for a cycle of
laundry (i think i am spoiled after free laundry use back in california),
i decided to wash them in the kitchen sink. i filled it up with warm water
and a cup of woolite dark and threw in three pairs of jeans. things were
pretty tight in the sink, but i figured it would be ok. after letting them
soak for an hour, it was time to rinse them off. well, having the sink
jammed packed didn't lend to well to the rinsing. silly me thought i could
set the jeans on the counter while rinsing out one pair. of course, jeans
hold a lot more liquid than i initially thought, so here comes the
waterfall of slightly blue water going everywhere. i quick scooped up the
jeans and threw them into the bathtub. of course i left a river of water
behind me. i finally got them rinsed out after quite a bit more splashing
than originally hoped and now they are spread out in the tub draining of
the rest of the liquid. i did all of this on a very humid wisconsin
evening while it was raining outside. so what does that mean? not only
will the jeans probably not dry for at least 24 hours, but i am left with
a counter and floor covered in water that refuses to dry, all while in
a brand new apartment that doesn't have anything useful yet such as
cleaning rags, etc. thankfully with the one fan on at full blast and the
mop, things are in a bit better condition now. maybe next time i will try
fewer jeans and on a less rainy evening.

