+++
archive = ["2009-12"]
date = "2009-12-06T21:19:45"
slug = "1260134385"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "a bad week"
+++

ok, i've been pretty busy lately, with school and life in general, so
i haven't had a chance to write this down. i really ought to be working on
one of the two huge projects i need to finished in the next week, but what
the heck, it's friday.

so, last month i had two VERY contrasting weeks. let's start of with the
*bad* week. i will write about the *good* week in my next post.

as some of you probably know, my 26th birthday was last month on a monday.
instead of celebrating it with my family, girlfriends, and friends,
i spent it in bed, sick with something nasty. it was an absolutely
miserable day, as were the two days that followed it (in fact the effects
of it stuck around until last week..). come saturday, i was feeling well
enough to try to get my life back on track.

of course, that didn't happen. i had planned on spending the day in my
office making some big progress on my projects. when lunch rolled around,
i went to grab my wallet to go buy a sandwich and my wallet wasn't in my
bag! this was a little disconcerting, since i always keep my wallet in my
bag. i started mentally tracing back my steps during the day, trying to
remember where i had left it. the last place i could remember taking it
out of my bag was the day before while getting lunch. well, i was hungry
and freaking about my wallet, so i stopped studying and walked home hoping
i would find it on my desk. but i tore my apartment apart and the wallet
was still no where to be found. i called the restaurant from the day
before, and they had no lost wallets. not a good feeling AT ALL.

so, i started listing out the things in my wallet and trying to figure out
how to replace them. i only had a few dollars in my wallet, but of course
i had my credit cards and my debit card. i called up visa and went through
the long process of canceling each card and getting a new one ordered from
the banks. of course, in the middle of this phone call, i got a voice
message from the university police saying that my wallet had been turned
in. i quickly ran over to the police station (getting nonstop calls from
banks and card issuers asking for information) and i got my wallet!
everything was still in it, but i am glad that i cancelled my credit cards
to be safe.

well, of course that was a rather stressful event, so i was pretty drained
afterwards. my roommate aaron invited me to go out and see a movie, so
i accepted the invitation. it was fun. when we got back, i walked into my
room and noticed my laptop was not where i had left it. after a quick
check of the apartment, i realized it was no where. my roommate was still
in the kitchen, and when i said my laptop was gone, he ran into the living
room only to find his laptop also gone. what a day!

our back door lock is pretty finicky, sometimes taking around a minute to
lock or unlock. we had started getting lazy and not locking it. so
apparently someone just walked in and grabbed the two easiest things to
grab: our laptops. we called the police, submitted a police report, etc.
i wasn't too upset, i had both a time machine and a mozy backup. aaron
wasn't so lucky: his laptop had the only copy of the photos from his month
is europe. the worst thing i had to deal with was the $500 renters
insurance deductible.

really it seemed like a very unlucky set of events, but it turned out that
i am VERY lucky. on monday afternoon, i got an email from apple saying
that my laptop was found! i called them up, and they gave me the phone
number of one of the detectives for the madison police department.
i called him up, and he said they would contact me in the morning. tuesday
morning the police detective called me and said he was bringing over my
laptop. he came over and handed me my macbook! he said they had gone into
a shady computer pawn shop and saw the owner wiping down the macbook. they
thought it was suspicious, so they seized it and checked the serial number
and found me through apple. pretty crazy story, and i still don't know why
they only found my laptop and not aaron's or why they didn't have to keep
the laptop as evidence or something. but whatever, i got my laptop back
without having to pay a dime!

hard to believe that in the matter of a few days i can have both my wallet
and my laptop go missing and then both be returned to me! everyone was
saying i should go buy a lottery ticket since i am so lucky. anyway,
i guess the week did not end badly, though on saturday evening i certainly
felt like it could not get much worse. but i survived, only to have a much
better week over thanksgiving.

