---
archive:
- 2008-10
categories:
- blog
date: '2008-10-16T23:54:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-2.html
- /wp/2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-2/
- /2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-2/
- /blog/238
slug: '1224201240'
tags:
- personal
title: who i am part 2
---

part 2

my employment record sucks. my first job was a student computer
technician/help desk assitant for the baraboo school district. during the
summers, i upgraded computers, set up computer labs, etc. during the
school year for one hour of my daily schedule, i would give technical
support to teachers throughout the school district. it was a lot of fun,
i got paid decently, and i had a desk with a nice chair and an internet
connection. unfortunately, it was pretty laid back and relaxed, so i think
i am a bit sheltered when it comes to work. i did that for about three
years. then i went on my mission. so far, i haven't tried working during
the school year (though i probably will this semester). i was in provo for
spring term going to school, and by the time i came back home to
wisconsin, all of the good jobs were taken, and no one wanted to hire an
unexperienced college student who was leaving in two months. so i did some
temp jobs picking up trash, catering banquets, and building fences (a much
harder job than i ever thought). i also worked in a popcorn shop on
weekends. i still don't like popcorn much. i applied to become a tutor at
the byu math lab, but it looks like they dont have any open positions this
semester, so i will have to find something different.

i used to play the trombone. in high school, i was first chair for three
years. i was in the symphony band (which was by audition only) for two
years. but it was never a passion. so i quit my senior year of high
school, and i haven't touched the thing since. my mom is a piano teacher,
but i never learned to play. if i would have started when i was young,
i could have a decent singing voice, but now it is nothing worth hearing.
i have tried picking up the guitar, but can't seem to find the motivation
to sit down and do it enough.

my father never played sports with me as a child. instead, we played video
games. i remember sitting around with classics like legend of zelda, final
fantasy, and ultima V. my dad is a computer geek (i so wish he would have
stayed in san francisco in the 70s and stuck with his computer hobby
instead of moving to wisconsin to become an optometrist...just imagine how
rich we would be...), so we have had a computer in the house since i was
born. so i have been computer literate for a long time. as a kid, i tried
sports, but sucked pretty bad. i was horrible at little league baseball.
i remember this one time that i was at bat. we were so young that they
just kept pitching it to us until we hit it, and i was up there for like
10 minutes swinging. my coach even came to guide my swing and i couldn't
hit it. baseball wasn't my thing. i didn't think sports were at all. by
the time i got to middle school, i was one of the least athletic kids out
on the playground. i was horrible in physical education. i tried 7th grade
football, and for some reason they stuck the skinny little kid on the
offensive line. yeah, i got knocked on my back every play. i was tall, so
i tried basketball, but again found i was too scrawny to be a big man
underneath. my homeroom teacher convinced me to go for the track team,
which i tried. i think i did the 400 meter dash, the high jump, and
discus. and i thouroughly sucked at all of them. but it got me in good
enough shape to so that i ran a 6:34 mile in phy ed class at the end of
the year, which earned me an invitation to join the cross country team
during the fall. i was a middle runner in 8th grade, but when track came
around, i was the teams top mile runner. so i trained hard over the
summer. during my freshman year, i acheived varsity status about 2/3 of
the way into the season, got all-conference second team, and a letter. so
began my running career in high school. i was all conference all four
years in CC, and two years in track. i was MVP my senior year in track and
field. i really liked running, but i guess it never became a passion
enough to make me great. i have sort of lost touch with that whole scene
lately, but i am trying to get back into some distance running. lately,
i have been doing some weight lifting, though it hasn't changed the fact
that i am a scrawny white kid.

