---
archive:
- 2008-10
categories:
- blog
date: '2008-10-16T23:57:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-4.html
- /wp/2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-4/
- /2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-4/
- /blog/240
slug: '1224201420'
tags:
- personal
title: who i am part 4
---

part 4

i hate hip hop and rap. i like rock. emo, though totally unhip, speaks to
me a lot, since i am usually so sensitive to stuff like girls... i like
a wide variety of movies, though stuff that makes the windows shake
usually is fun. i like books that make me think. i love east asian food,
japanese topping the list.

in high school, i loved to dress nicely. i always shopped at banana
republic and j. crew. but then i got poor and grew out of my clothes.
i guess i still dress decently, but i do get jealous of rich kids who can
afford nice clothes. i was voted as the bessed dress guy in school my
senior year of high school.

my celebrity crush during high school was rachel leigh cook. i saw her
first in josie and the pussycats. i had a local band write a song about
her for me, and i was really close to sending it to her. now, i think my
crush is on a korean pop star named lee hyori.

i've shot a gun only once. i have no idea what it was. i am not a very
macho guy. i know nothing about cars. i like some college football and
basketball, but i am hardly a fanatic. i have never gone skiing or
snowboarding. i have gone paintballing once. i have played pen and paper
role playing games multiple times.

as a kid, i was a total nintendo zealot. i used to get in arguments with
kids in school over whether sega or nintendo was cooler. i sort of got out
of video games during high school. now i am a mac user, and i like to
debate about microsoft vs apple, etc. i am still a geek at heart
i suppose.

i don't like being in wisconsin. i don't like small towns. i don't like
humid hot weather. i don't like utah much either. mormon culture is
a joke, and it just shrouds the Gospel taught by the church with a bunch
of crap. i hate BYUSA and the honor code.

i have horrible eyesight, and i usually wear contacts. i wear 32 waist, 34
length jeans, and it depends on the brand of shirt as to what size it is.
i wear size 12 shoes. i am 6'3", and i am around 170 lbs right now (down
since the summer...time to get back in the weight room.)

i don't know exactly what my future goals are just yet. i am pretty sure
i will go to graduate school, but i haven't chosen a career i want to be
in. i think it would be nice to be rich, but not snobby. if i was rich,
i would not live in a McManshion, and i would give a lot to charity (after
buying my wife too much of course). I don't want to drive a BMW, and
definitely no Hummers.

my hair is reddish brown. it was straight up until i was about 14, then it
started getting wavy and curly. i like it a bit longer. my eyes were dark
brown until about the same time, then they turned more hazel. in some
light, they are green, in others, they are brown. i have freckles, and
more acne than a 22 year old should. right now, i usually wear Very Sexy
Victoria's Secret cologne. I use Colgate whitening toothpaste.

I have had 3 stitches and no broken bones. I have had 4 cavities and one
root canal. one and a half of my teeth are fake. i have spent the night in
a hospital once for food poisoning.

the scariest dream i can remember is sitting on my parents bed and lookind
down the darkened hallway to the master bath, and seeing red, green, and
blue monster heads floating towards me. i used to hate spiders, but now
i don't mind them much. i was also very scared of tornadoes (though i have
never seen one) and of people breaking into our house. i used to hate
onions and would throw up whenever i ate one, but now i have no problems.
i still don't like raw octopus.

i enjoy camping, but haven't done enough of it. i went on a sweet week
long canoe trip in the boundary waters last summer and loved it. i love
hiking too.

i have only been to canada and japan. i really want to go to scotland and
ireland.

i can touch my nose to my tongue. and remember in school when they would
hand out those pieces of paper with that chemical on it that some people
could taste but others couldn't? it was like a lesson on genetics or
whatever. i can taste it.

i have two nieces. the older one is still scared of me.

i have had two dogs, one cat, and a hamster. the dog still alive is named
babe, and she is an idiot.

i like to have a clean house, though my room is usually a mess. if i take
a girl out on a date, i insist on having a clean car. my dad wouldn't let
me take the nice car for some reason when i took a girl to prom.

i am not attractive nor very charming, and most people think of me as
annoying and arrogant. i think the arrogance part comes from my trying to
make up for my lack of self confidence and occasional neurosis. i am
rarely clever or funny, but try too often.

i tend to be too lazy sometimes (like this past week), and i fear it will
be my downfall. i could easily envision myself as an overweight single
middle class guy working in a small cubicle someday. not that that is what
i want, just i suppose it could happen if i slack too much.

i have had insomnia for about a week now.

i love the card game euchre. i used to play it all the time during school,
and i am in love with people not from the midwest who know what it is.

sometimes i wish i could write poetry. sometimes i wish i was better
looking. sometimes i wish i was less of a jerk during the times that
i don't really mean to be a jerk, but i come off as one.

i rarely swear, though occasionally under my breath when i am stressed or
when i am really upset. i have never been in a fight, though there was
a guy that wanted to fight me once. i have been in once car accident.
someone rear-ended me. i have been close to dying once, this last summer,
when the truck i was in almost went head on into a semi when we swerved to
get out of the way of another truck that had lost control and was rolling
into the highway. the other truck got smashed by the semi. if we would
have been a split second later, we would have been crushed. my girlfriend
didn't seem to care when i told her.

i don't like chocolate very much. i like fruity candy. i have never had
a girl to kiss on new year's eve. i have given something to two girls on
a valentine's day. i bought a necklace at tiffany & co's once for a girl.

right now, i wear puma's. all of my other shoes were lost over the summer.
i have a stuffed pig in my room that i won at a fair, and i have a large,
three foot wooden fork that my friends and i bought at a thrift store.

i really need to sleep. if you have any questions, go ahead and ask.

