+++
archive = ["2007-09"]
date = "2007-09-01T16:56:00"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1188665760"
title = "i like nice things"
+++

this isn't necessarily a good thing, but maybe it can help people
understand why i act the way i do sometimes.

example: i refuse to buy anything besides an apple computer. this means
that it will be a little while before i can afford replacing my current
ibook. i could buy a cheap laptop, throw linux on it, and probably get
similar use out of it, but i still want a sexy macbook.

this sometimes makes me come across as arrogant. i don't judge people who
don't like the same things as i do, thats their prerogative. i just have
rather picky tastes. i don't know where this tendency came from. it seems
almost a little out of place.

i am rather picky when it comes to food (see my last post), girls (dont
get me started), and clothes. these are all pretty pointless things for me
to be picky about, and they usually just cost me time and money.

i watched the movie resident evil last night because i was bored out of my
mind. it sucked (see, there you go!).

i wonder if i should be less picky. i know i would be a lot richer. but
how can someone just deny one's personal tastes, especially if they are
not particularly destructive?

for example, my mom keeps saying i am too picky about girls. its true, its
been awhile since i've been in a real relationship. but why should i force
myself into a relationship with a girl that i really am not into? i am
still young. i am not balding (at least other people tell me so... the
hair cutting chicks always tell me how thick my hair is... but i worry
about that). i am not becoming overweight. i still have plenty of time to
find girls that i really like.

if i can afford to eat the food i want and buy the clothes i want, is it
bad that i demand that those be the things i get?

this has just been a string of thoughts.

