+++
archive = ["2007-09"]
date = "2007-09-19T19:33:00"
slug = "1190230380"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "meeting women: a study. day 1"
+++

hypothesis: my inability to meet women is directly correlated to the
amount of time i spend on the fourth floor of the clyde building. and also
maybe because i am using the scientific method to analyze picking up
women...

e xperiment: after a good deal of time spent there, i have determined that
the fourth floor of the clyde has absolutely no women i am attracted to.
so, i will use it as a control case. the wilkinson center is a the main
hub of campus where probably the most people pass through in a single day.
i began my observations there.

observations: after one hour spent in the wilkinson garden court, i saw at
least five attractive women. i compare this to the zero attractive women
i have seen on the fourth floor of the clyde in the last two years.

conclusion: i need to get out of the clyde building if i ever want to meet
women.

now that i know where attractive women are (and are not), my next
experiment will be to actually engage in conversation with one.

i feel probabilistic analysis is in order:

- A - the case that i am in the clyde building.
- B - the case that i am in the wilkinson center.
- C - the case that i see an attractive girl.
- D - the case that i talk to an attractive girl.
- E - the case that the attractive girl talks to me in a positive fashion.

well, so far, we know these values:


- P[A] = .9
- P[B] = .1
- P[AC] = 0
- P[BC] = .99

if i had to guess, i would say P[D] = around .25, and P[DE] = .000001, but
that might be a little high...

i think i saw this on XKCD once.

