---
alturls:
- https://twitter.com/bismark/status/15605827445
- https://www.facebook.com/17803937/posts/751489771489
archive:
- 2010-06
date: '2010-06-07T04:21:43'
old_paths:
- /post/671928690
- /post/671928690/post-wedding-school-craziness
slug: '1275884503'
tags:
- personal
title: Post-Wedding School Craziness
---

Our time in Park City was great.  We stayed at the Waldorf Astoria Dakota
Lodge which was quite fancy and very empty since it was in between
seasons.  We felt very posh ordering, well, Waldorf salad for $25 a plate
through room service.  It was a much needed two days of relaxing so we
could survive the craziness that lay ahead.

So, yes, I still had finals to do.  I know, I know, not the best way to
schedule things in the world, but it seemed to be the only way for things
to work out.  It made for an interesting two weeks in Madison.  My days
were spent finishing up classes, my TA responsibilities, and projects,
while my evening were spent helping Mariam set up our very temporary home
that we won't be back into until August.  A few nights I ended up going
back to campus to keep working.  Definitely stressful and definitely not
fun.

But my final projects ended up going really well:  my professor was
impressed with our networked game physics solution in the [iPhone game][1]
and our brute force CRC32 cracker/Google Engine hack actually ended up
working.

I found a guy from Spain to sublet my old apartment for the summer, and we
got him all situated, which was a nice burden off our backs.  And the
sister of the visiting professor from India told us they were going to
take our other apartment for sure, so we made final plans to buy the
couches, microwave, and bed that she had requested.  Off course, she
decided to screw us over and not take the apartment after we spent the
time and money getting those things because she found another apartment
for $50 cheaper a month.  Sigh.  Mariam did a good job stopping me from
sending some very angry emails.

But even with all of that stress, the night after everything at school was
finished, I was starting to relax.  Mariam and I went to the Institute
graduation pizza party and we said goodbye to my friends from the single's
ward.  Then it was time for the fateful trip to Target to pick up a vacuum
cleaner with some of our giftcards... Until next post! Dun dun dun!

[1]: {{< relref "1273703538.md" >}}

