+++
archive = ["2005-07"]
date = "2005-07-09T05:26:00"
slug = "1120886760"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "more of my writing"
aliases = ["/archive/2005/07/09/more-of-my-writing.html", "/wp/2005/07/09/more-of-my-writing/", "/2005/07/09/more-of-my-writing/", "/blog/4"]
+++

here is some more stuff that i write. it was meant to be better than the
other stuff i posted, but that doesn't neccesarily mean that is true. my
professor liked it though. she gave me an A and had me enter it into
a writing contest (results still pending!).

## My First Writing Assignment

I've had some bad nightmares. The worst, I think, was when I was four.
I was sitting in my parents' room and I looked down the hallway, and out
of a black abyss all of these monsters started floating towards me. It
looked like they wanted to eat me, and, of course, I couldn't move.
Seventeen years later, I'm standing here thinking my second worst
nightmare is about to begin.

I am in a place called the HGB. I'm not sure what the real name of the
building is, because I was told that no one else knew, so it was pointless
for me to find out. It sounds like an acronym for some evil government
agency, or perhaps some sort of illegal drug. In front of me is a huge,
wooden door, probably a relic from some ancient civilization, circa 1954.

"Sigh..." I crack open the door and slowly walk in. The sight of the room
does very little to improve my mood. A clock is the only thing hanging on
the wall. My physics classroom at least has a periodic table to spice
things up. This is my English class. Ah, my old nemesis... It has been
a few years. I slip into the desk that I hope will offer the greatest
protection from class participation.

The other desks fill up with students, and then a young woman walks in.
Instead of flopping into one of the open desks, she sets her bag on the
table in the front, turns to us, and starts talking about something.
I assume she must be our professor. She seems normal enough as she begins,
not like those other English instructors with their
"I-did-too-much-LSD-but-now-I-teach" long, curly hair (ponytail optional).
This gives me hope. For two and half years of my high school career, Mr.
Patton was my English teacher. Of all the things I got out of those
classes, I wish I had learned some better synonyms for "extreme dislike,"
because I have trouble articulating my true feelings about him. But, maybe
this time around, words like 'compassion' or 'mercy' will be within the
vocabulary of my instructor.

"Can any of you tell me the difference between a personal narrative and
a personal essay?" No one knows, so she tells us. Our first assignment is
going to be a narrative portraying an internal change in our life.

*I have no good stories. Even if I did, I wouldn't be able to write about
it.* What little confidence I had wanes as I think back through the
catalog of my memories and am confronted with banality. The other students
are all sitting up straight, listening attentively, while I start sliding
lower and lower into the desk.

"What are some characteristics of a bad personal narrative?" Professor
Spencer continues. I'm only partially listening as I think.

*Well, I guess I could just do it on something easy, like about how
I became a better runner, or maybe even my first kiss*. I sit up straight
in my desk again. *Yeah, those stories we read in middle school always had
something about first love in them. Why can't I pull something like that
off?*

Next she sets up the projector and holds back a laugh as she places her
example of a "bad personal narrative" on the screen. The story is about
some guy who gets his first kiss. I start slouching again.

"Bad personal narrative, bad personal narrative, bad personal
narrative..." drums through my head as class ends and I walk outside. Snow
is falling. The sidewalks are slushy and my feet are quickly soaked
through as I trudge back towards the dorms to find some place to hide. *If
I were a good writer, I bet I could make a great comparison with this
weather and how I feel.*

I have horrible visions of a class next semester, listening to Professor
Spencer.  "Now for an example of a bad personal narrative. Yes, here is
one of the most cliched, uncreative pieces I've seen in my entire teaching
career. And guess what? It was written just last semester! I usually
wouldn't tell you the name of the person who wrote this, but this is just
so bad, I have to. His name was..."

I have to swerve to avoid a couple holding hands. They don't bother to
make room for anyone else, not that there is any less snow on the grass
than on the sidewalk. I walk with my head down to keep the snow out of my
eyes and also with the hope that someone will have pity on me.

English has always been the one subject that I struggle with. It's the
kind of thing that at its least, ruins a weekend due to a four-page essay.
At its worst, it keeps one from an elite university due to a poor ACT/SAT
score. Math makes sense to me. A few numbers and letters on a page that
actually have a logical flow. English is seriously worse than a root
canal, and I am justified in using that analogy, because I've had a root
canal. I get a cool story about nitrous oxide from the root canal; all
I get from English is possible hair loss.

"I hate English!" I catch myself before my thoughts become public to the
people passing by.

*A thousand curses upon my professor and any other person who has ever
thought English is a thing to be studied.* Once I reach my dorm room,
I open my laptop and turn on music, something dark and depressing. I get
on my bed and stare at the ceiling. I feel completely empathetic with Thom
Yorke as he moans, "What the hell am I doing here?" through my speakers.
What in the "heck" am I doing in an honors-level writing course?

Professor Spencer sends the class syllabus to us by e-mail a few days
later for those of us who didn't take the time to look it up online.
I take my laptop along and glance at it during the few minutes I have
before physics class starts.  "Aww, crap." My audible groan causes some
nearby students to turn and look. I glance at their quizzical stares and
can tell by the healthy shine in their eyes that they haven't been staying
up until insane hours of the night writing. Obviously, they are completely
ignorant to the things on my computer screen.

After class, I weave my way back into the deep recesses of the library.
I open my laptop and the file is still up on the screen. I scroll down the
seven-page syllabus that describes what my life is going to be like for
the next four months. Sucking in a deep breath, I look around. The other
students sitting nearby are doing various things. One guy is playing
solitaire. A table over, a girl is planning out her weekend with her
friend. As my eyes return to my screen, it's apparent that I won't be
doing anything of the sort if I stay in this course. I will definitely
have to rethink that plan of having a hot date every night of the week.
*Maybe this isn't what I had bargained for when I first registered for
classes.*

I log onto the web site where I can change my class schedule. There it is:
Honors 200, Section 007. I stare at it for a little while, and run my
finger over my track pad. My mouse cursor hovers over the 'D' (for "Drop
Course") button. That heavy feeling in my gut that I always get before
I do something drastic kicks in. I put my finger down to the mouse button.
*It would be so easy to do... Just one click, and it would all be over.*

For some reason, I think back and remember how "You can do hard things,"
always ended my mother's letters to me during my missionary service. I had
to tell myself that a thousand times some days just to get by. Amazingly,
I did, and it ended up being some of the best experience that I have ever
had. So if I can survive two years of waking up at 6:30 AM, riding through
pouring rain on a bike in a suit, and trying to explain why the article
"a" is a required part of English grammar to a Japanese person in my
English conversation class, maybe I can do hard things.

Someone walking by pulls me out of my thoughts, and I look back down at
the screen. With another deep breath, I close the website and go back to
the syllabus to remind myself what I need to start writing about, I carry
my laptop into the dorm's day room and flop down on one of the couches.

It's 6 o'clock AM and I'm still just wearing a pair of surfer shorts and
an old t-shirt. I've found over the years that early mornings seem to be
when I can write the best. Perhaps it comes from an equal dislike for
both, or maybe it's just because I've procrastinated writing a paper until
the morning of its due date so many times that it is just habit now. The
night before was spent playing video games with the guys on the floor
until 2 AM. I have been able to find a semblance of a social life, though
I'm still working on those hot dates. The first rough draft of my personal
narrative is due at ten and I have Book of Mormon class at nine. I haven't
done my hour's worth of reading for it yet either. Though my brain is
fuzzy and my eyes are puffy, I force myself to type. Sounds of people
stumbling out of bed and turning on showers fill the background, and
slowly the page fills up clumsily with words.

"What are you doing up so early?" asks one of the guys before he gets on
the elevator to go to his janitorial job.

"Oh, just working on a paper for my writing class which is due in
4 hours."

"Oh, that stinks."

I smirk and half-chuckle. "Eh, it's not too bad."

