+++
archive = ["2005-07"]
date = "2005-07-13T15:48:00"
slug = "1121269680"
tags = ["nerdiness"]
title = "stallmanism and religion"
aliases = ["/archive/2005/07/13/stallmanism-and-religion.html", "/wp/2005/07/13/stallmanism-and-religion/", "/2005/07/13/stallmanism-and-religion/", "/blog/5"]
+++

warning: read this only if you are really bored!!! i have no idea why i am
posting this. maybe i just feel the need to publish my work to the world
(and by world i mean the five people that occasionaly read my blog).

## Stallmanism and Religion ##

> "Free software" is a matter of liberty, not price. To understand the
> concept, you should think of "free" as in "free speech," not as in "free
> beer."

The above statement comes from "The Free Software Definition" on the GNU
Project's webpage. Richard M. Stallman began this project in 1984 with the
goal of creating a completely "free" operating system. With the GNU
Project as its genesis, an entire movement has begun to create this "free"
software. While there are differing motivations behind this movement,
ideology, as can be seen from the quote above, plays an integral role.
Many varying factions exist within the movement, yet one of the main
ideologies is that held by Stallman and the GNU Project. As this ideology
has its beginnings with Stallman's work, I will use the term "Stallmanism"
when referring to it. In this paper, I will discuss similarities between
some characteristics of Stallmanism and those of some major religions.
While the analogy obviously doesn't hold perfectly, my purpose in doing
this is to show that a connection between the world of computer science
and religion can be made, that Stallmanism should be recognized as
a distinct ideology, and that this is an interesting topic which deserves
continued research and study. After establishing the originality of my
argument, I will discuss in particular the existence of the Golden Rule in
Stallmanism and religion, similar characteristics of leaders and followers
in Stallmanism and religion, similarities between the basic texts of
religions and Stallmanism, and the existence of the concept of "Good vs.
Evil" in both.

### Originality: ###

I have previously studied the scholarly work that hasbeen done concerning
motivations within the open source/free software movement. Various surveys
have been conducted to discover why programmers participate in the
movement. The motivations found could be broken into the categories of
personal, social, ideological, and economic. I found a number of articles
discussing the personal, social, and economic motivations, yet very few
were dedicated to the ideological motivations within the movement. Much
has been written concerning these ideologies, yet this has been done
mostly on an informal level outside the realm of peer-reviewed scholarly
work. Therefore, there is a gap within the academic works concerning the
topic of the open source/free software movement's ideology, and one of my
aims in writing this paper is to show how interesting and deserving of
further research this topic is.

Though my argument that non-religious ideologies have similarities to
religion is not original, as, according to the Encyclopedia Britannica,
"ideologies, such as Soviet Marxism, Maoism, and Fascism, may have
analogies to religion" ("religion, study of"), I am the first to make such
a comparison with Stallmanism.

### Golden Rule: ###

Stallmanism is similar to other great religions in that the "Golden Rule"
is one of its basic tenets. According to H.T.D. Rost, "Golden Rule
statements are found in virtually every major world religion today" (Rost,
8). The Golden Rule, in a general sense, is the moral that one should
always treat one's peers equal or better than oneself. In Christianity, it
is "Thou shalt love they neighbor as thyself" (Palmer et. al. 245). In
Confucianism, it is "Do not unto others what you would not they should do
unto you" (Palmer et. al. 245). In Hinduism, "Do not to others what ye do
not wish Done to yourself; and wish for others too What ye desire and long
for, for yourself" (Palmer et. al. 245). In Islam, "None of you believe
until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself" (Palmer et.
al. 245). And in Judaism, the Rabbi Hillel is claimed to have said "What
is hateful to you, do not to your neighbor; that is the whole Torah, while
the rest is the commentary thereof," (Palmer et. al. 245). The Golden Rule
can be found within Stallmanism. One of the four basic freedoms listed in
the GNU Project's definition of free software is: "The freedom to
redistribute copies so you can help your neighbor" (GNU Project
"Definition"). The idea of using the tools available to help a neighbor is
quite similar to the many statements from religions above.

Often while speaking on the beginnings of the GNU Project, Stallman
relates an anecdote of his first experience with another programmer not
helping a neighbor. The story goes that the MIT AI Lab received a laser
printer from Xerox as a gift. While this printer was much more technically
advanced than their previous printer, it often became jammed. So, the
programmers at the Lab decided to modify the printer's software to
alleviate the problem, but Xerox refused to give them the source code.
Stallman heard that a programmer at Carnegie Mellon University had
received the source code, so he asked for a copy so the MIT programmers
could modify it. The man at Carnegie Mellon refused because he had signed
an agreement to not distribute the code. Stallman says that this
experience taught him the wrongs of not helping one's neighbors (GNU
Project "Cooperation"). In lamenting the world of proprietary software
that he feels is against the Golden Rule by making sharing a crime, he
says, "I am working to build a system where people are free to decide
their own actions; in particular, free to help their neighbors,"
(Stallman, "Why Free"). Thus, Stallmanism shares with other major
religions the basic moral tenet known as the Golden Rule.

### Leader: ###

In a study of many of the world religions, one sees that many began
through the leadership of one head figure. Christianity had Jesus Christ,
Islam had Mohammed, Judaism had Moses, and Buddhism had Siddhartha
Gautama. Similarly, Stallmanism began with one man: Richard M. Stallman.
There are a number of similarities between these religious leaders and
Stallman.

Intelligence is a common characteristic among the religious leaders. For
example, while little is known about Christ's younger life, one story
preserved in the Bible is of Jesus sitting in the temple as a child
speaking with the scholars. According to the story, "all that heard him
were astonished at his understanding and answers," (Holy Bible, Luke
2:46-47) showing he was a person of great intelligence. Stallman also
displayed many characteristics of a child prodigy. Sam Williams,
Stallman's biographer, speaks of him reading calculus textbooks at age 7,
confusing adults with his overly complicated language, and seeming "scary"
to his peers. One person who knew Stallman as a young man is quoted as
saying, "I've known a lot of smart people, but I think he was the smartest
person I've ever known" (Williams 3) Stallman studied at Harvard and MIT
(Williams 6), and was also awarded the MacArthur Fellowship in 1990
(Williams 2), which is popularly called the "genius award."

A number of religious leaders experienced some sort of trial or hardship
at some point in their lives. For example, Confucius, from age 3, lived
a life of poverty after his father passed away (Palmer et. al. 100).
Mohammed as a child was orphaned and lived in poverty into his adulthood
(Palmer et. al. 214). Stallman experienced similar trials in the divorce
of his parents, and then in the death of his grandparents (Williams 3). As
in the religious leaders' lives, these events triggered the beginning of
his separation from the world around him and his beginning to question
what he saw in society.

Almost all religious leaders began their search for truth because of
dissatisfaction with the society and world they lived in. Particularly
famous is the story of Siddhartha Gautama seeing an old man, a sick man,
and a dead body, and then going on a spiritual journey to discover the
reasons for the suffering he saw (Palmer et. al. 50). Lao Tzu, founder of
Taoism, became disenchanted with the government aristocratic life of
China, and left to discover a new life (Palmer et. al. 89). Zarathustra,
founder of Zoroastrianism, lived as a priest, but felt that the religion
of his culture failed to answer the problems he saw in life, so he left on
a journey to find truth (Palmer et. al. 149). Stallman's story is
surprisingly similar. He worked as a programmer at the MIT AI Lab for
a number of years and watched as the community of sharing that had
developed broke down due to the growth in proprietary software. As stated
before, he felt that not sharing code was against the Golden Rule, so he
decided to break away from the developing world of proprietary software to
begin his own movement in response (GNU Project, "Cooperation").

Richard M. Stallman, as the founder of the free software movement,
displays many characteristics similar to the founders and leaders of the
major world religions.

### Followers: ###

There are some interesting similarities between the followers of
Stallmanism and the followers of the various religions. One aspect of many
Western religions along with Buddhism, etc, is the belief in self-denial.
Followers of these religions practice this system of self-denial in order
to gain the promised rewards. Stallmanism also has a sense of self-denial
in it. In his essay entitled "The Free Software Community After 20 Years:
With great but incomplete success, what now?" Stallman talks about why
free software should be used over proprietary software, even when the
proprietary software is more usable and advanced. He claims that using the
proprietary software is supporting the system that destroys freedom.
According to him, though it may be a sacrifice, using free software is the
only way to promote freedom. So followers of this movement believe that by
denying themselves the luxuries sometimes related to proprietary software,
they are furthering the cause of freedom, including their own.

Many religions have a method of proselytizing to spread the system and
increase its popularity. Many times, followers of a particular system take
it upon themselves to teach others of and proclaim the goodness of their
beliefs. Similarly, those followers of Stallmanism display similar
tendencies to spread their system to others. If one goes to a popular,
"geek" website such as Slashdot.org and reads any news story concerning
free/proprietary software along with the reader comments, this is readily
visible. Readers vehemently debate the viability of free software, the
need for individual freedom, and the evils of proprietary software.
Obviously, not all of the readers agree with Stallamanist ideology, so
those that are followers are continually proclaiming the benefits of free
software such as better security, the ability to modify, and most
fundamentally, freedom.

### Texts: ###

Most of the world religions have texts concerning their various belief
systems. Within Christianity, there is the Bible, within Islam the Koran,
and within Buddhism, there is the Tripitaka. The texts contain such
various things as stories about significant figures within the religion,
doctrinal essays, and administrative instructions. In this way, the
teachings of the particular religion are preserved, spread, and learned.
Similarly, Stallmanism has various basic texts concerning the movement.
Though these texts are not in any way considered sacred, they are
considered authoritative. Probably most basic of these texts is "The Free
Software Definition." This text contains the GNU Project's and
Stallmanism's beliefs of what freedoms are required to make a piece of
software "free." In a sense, it is a basic declaration on the doctrines of
the movement. This can be compared to the creeds of early Christianity
such as the Nicene Creed. These were declarations of basic doctrines used
to avoid confusion and misunderstanding.

Beyond the basic declarations, documented on the GNU Project's website are
a number of histories of the project and the movement. Most of these have
been written by Stallman himself, but resemble the historical aspects of
the four Gospels found in the Bible. The histories tell the tale of the
humble beginnings of the project as Stallman declared his purposes and
began looking for supporters. Slowly, the movement began to gain followers
and popularity. Eventually, "persecution" from various places such as
propriety software companies and disagreements within the movement began.
All of this follows closely the story of Christ beginning his movement
2000 years ago in Palestine.

Also, there is a large collection of Stallman's and others involved in the
movement's writings concerning philosophy and other related topics such as
intellectual property and freedom of speech. All of these bear similarity
to the latter half of the New Testament's letters written by the leaders
of the early Christian church. These letters were used to clarify and
deepen the doctrines of the religion, much in the same way that these
texts do with the Stallmanism movement.

Additionally, listed on the GNU Project's website are a large number of
speeches and interviews given by Stallman. Because he plays a leadership
role in the movement, these transcripts too are considered almost
canonically as declarations of the movement's philosophy. Whenever
Stallman makes a statement on a particular topic, a headline is posted on
popular, "geek" news websites such as Slashdot.org and Newsforge.org with
a link to the text. These stories also tend to draw hundreds of comments
from readers, some agreeing and some critical. Similarly, when major
religious leaders such as the Pope make statements, it makes headlines on
major news sources, and also draws in commentary both positive and
negative.

As can be seen, both Stallmanism and religion share a similar
characteristic of having basic texts outlining the tenets of belief and
treat their leader's statements as authoritative.

### Good vs. Evil: ###

One basic theme throughout religion is that of good vs. evil.  "Evil" is
found in various forms whether it is a being such as Satan in
Christianity, or something more intangible such as human nature in
Buddhism. This idea of good vs. evil is also basic to Stallmanism.
According to Stallman, proprietary software is the basic evil of the
software world. In his essay entitled "The GNU Project," he says:

> The idea that the proprietary-software social system, the system that
> says you are not allowed to share or change software, is antisocial,
> that it is unethical, that it is simply wrong, may come as a surprise to
> some readers. But what else could we say about a system based on
> dividing the public and keeping users helpless?

Words such as "antisocial," "unethical," and "wrong" all demonstrate this
belief. Many times, the Microsoft Corporation is used as a symbol for this
evil. Throughout Stallman's essays and speeches, small jabs at Microsoft
and Bill Gates can be found. There is even an essay on the GNU website
entitled "Is Microsoft the Great Satan?" While it says Microsoft is not
the one and only corporation working against Stallmanism, it does state
that there is a high amount of antagonism towards the company, especially
"since Microsoft expressed active hostility towards free software" (GNU
Project, "Microsoft")

### Conclusion: ###

Stallmanism is one of the ideologies that have grown up surrounding the
free software movement begun by Richard M. Stallman in the early 80s. This
ideology has many similarities between major religious movements around
the world. While a wide variety of topics could be discussed, I have
focused on four in particular. First, in both most major religious
movements and Stallmanism, there is a variation of the Golden Rule, where
helping others is considered a basic tenet of belief. Second, many
founders of religious movements and Stallman have similar characteristics
such as intelligence, childhood trials, and dissatisfaction with society.
Third, the followers of religions and Stallmanism are similar in many
aspects such as the practice of self-denial and proselytizing. Fourth,
there exist texts outlining basic beliefs, doctrines, and history in both
religion and Stallmanism. Finally, the concept of "Good vs. Evil", with
the practice of giving "evil" some form exists in religion and
Stallmanism. These similarities show that comparisons can be drawn between
the world of computers and religion, that Stallmanism has many interesting
characteristics making it deserving of being recognized as its own
ideological movement, and the need for further research and study into
this topic.

### Works Cited: ###

The GNU Project. "The Free Software Definition." 03/21/2005. 04/19/2005.
[http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html)

The GNU Project. "Free Software: Freedom and Cooperation." 05/29/2001.
04/19/2005
[http://www.gnu.org/events/rms-nyu-2001-transcript.html](http://www.gnu.org/events/rms-nyu-2001-transcript.html).

The GNU Project. "Is Microsoft the Great Satan?" 2001. 4/19/2005.
[http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/microsoft.html](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/microsoft.html)

The Holy Bible, King James Version. The Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-Day Saints. 1979.

Palmer, Spencer J., Keller, Roger R., Choi, Dong Sull, and Toronto, James
A. Religions of the World: A Latter-Day Saint View. Provo UT: Brigham
Young University, 1997.  "religion, study of." Encyclopedia Britannica.
2005.

Encyclopedia Britannica Online?19 Apr. 2005
[http://search.eb.com/eb/article?tocId=38039](http://search.eb.com/eb/article?tocId=38039)

Stallman, Richard M. "Why Software Should Be Free." The GNU Project.
04/24/1992. 04/19/2005.
[http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/shouldbefree.html](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/shouldbefree.html)

Stallman, Richard M. "The Free Software Community After 20 Years: With
great but incomplete success, what now?" The GNU Project. 05/21/2004.
04/19/2005.
[http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/use-free-software.html](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/use-free-software.html)

Stallman, Richard M. "The GNU Project." 2001. 4/19/2005.
[http://www.gnu.org/gnu/thegnuproject.html](http://www.gnu.org/gnu/thegnuproject.html)

Williams, Sam. Free as in Freedom. O'Reilly & Associates, March
2002. 04/19/2005.
[http://www.oreilly.com/openbook/freedom/index.html](http://www.oreilly.com/openbook/freedom/index.html)

