---
archive:
- 2009-11
categories:
- blog
date: '2009-11-04T17:31:34'
link: http://bencrowder.net/blog/2009/11/no-reception/
oldpaths:
- /archive/2009/11/04/no-reception.html
- /wp/2009/11/04/no-reception/
- /2009/11/04/no-reception/
- /blog/348
slug: '1257355894'
tags:
- personal
title: No Reception
type: link
---

this is such an amazing idea. i couldn't think of something better. as
i've gotten closer to the possibility of marriage, i've realized how much
i dislike the stress, the cost, etc etc of the typical american wedding
traditions. the average american wedding costs $28000. now that is
probably a lot more than the average mormon wedding (younger bride and
groom, still in school, etc). but as ramit sethi said [1],

> My point isn't to judge people for having expensive weddings. Quite the
> opposite: The very same people who spend $28,000 on their weddings are
> the ones who, a few years earlier, said the same thing you're saying
> right now: "I just want a simple wedding. It's ridiculous to go into
> debt for just one day." And yet, little by little, they spend more than
> they had planned — more than they can afford — on their special day.

--- [The $28,000 question: Why are we all hypocrites about weddings?][2]

so how do you really have a simple wedding? i think you need to lose all
of the preconceived notions of what a wedding is. forget about dresses,
forget about cake, forget about invitations, forget about receptions, blah
blah blah. none of those are really what a wedding is about: two people in
love committing to be together forever. once you have forgotten about all
of those traditions, start planning your day. who do you really want to be
spending that day with? how do you really want to be spending the first
day of your life together with someone you love? how do you really want to
be spending that money you have in your savings account? my mom taught me
the importance of "less". if you haven't guessed, i have started becoming
a strong believer that a simple, minimalist lifestyle is a key to
happiness. in fact, it aligns exactly with my religious beliefs. so why
not keep your wedding a very _personal_, simple day? big parties are not
a good way to associate with friends and family, so why do we feel the
need to throw them for such a special, personal event? i don't find that
romantic at all. anyway, enough of this rant. do what you want for your
wedding. but i plan to keep my wedding as simple, minimal, and stress free
as possible. to me that is romantic. props to ben and his fiancée for
sticking to their principles and going against the grain.

[2]: http://www.iwillteachyoutoberich.com/blog/the-28000-question-why-are-we-all-hypocrites-about-weddings/

