+++
archive = ["2008-06"]
date = "2008-06-06T20:35:00"
slug = "1212784500"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "travelogue"
+++

been meaning to get this posted for a week now.

so yes, i went home to baraboo last weekend for my little brother's high
school graduation. it was good. i think its been thanksgiving of 2005
since all of the family has been together at one time.

airplane ride there was uneventful and uncomfortable as usual. i landed in
o'hare around 1 am, and my grandpa came and picked me up. nice
"comfortable" rest on the floor of the hotel six... 

we headed towards wisconsin at about 7 am. the scenery was beautifully
green, if only i hadn't been extremely nauseous and holding a plastic bag
in case of vomit. after a stop at the rest stop at the wisconsin state
border i felt much better though. it was only 10:30 am, but my grandpa
insisted on stopping by the culver's in deforrest. even with an upset
stomach earlier that day, i couldn't resist a turtle sundae. i am actually
a bit sad that i never got around to getting a malt... anyway, we made it
home near noon, and it was fun to see everyone. my nieces were quite
excited, and so was babe the dog. babe started doing her "bunny run" when
i started playing with her, and she got so riled up that she basically
gave katie a side check into the couch. plenty of tears, no permanent
damage done though.

i thought it would be fun to go hit up the high school and say hi to some
people. lots of memories, and i was glad to see they still use the same
visitor badges that i designed six years ago. saw my old band teacher. he
still has the "king" logo i had torn off of my trombone case ten years ago
up on his clock, and he also keeps dixieland duet in the back of his music
folder. apparently my old friend had gotten a kidney transplant, so that
was kind of a shock. i also stopped up to see coach. he said he was
recovering from an injury, so we didnt go running together. it sounds like
the team has lost some of the sense of tradition and respect, which of
course has made them not do so well the last few years, and coach shared
with me his plan to get things back on track. good luck to him. hung with
little bro for a bit, made me feel old.

it was nat's birthday, so we went out to moosejaw. food was decent, we all
made fools of ourself wearing moose antler hats. everyone was pretty tired
by the end of the night, so we all crashed pretty early.

friday morning was the drive to la valle and the carr valley cheese
factory. beautiful drive, lots of amish people. cheese factory was less
than spectacular to watch, but the cheese was amazing. the cheese curds
were still warm when they put them out, and the room was loud with squeaks
while we enjoyed it. drive home things got really humid. felt like the
summers i remember growing up with. molecularbond, charlie, and headed
down to devil's lake. the breeze made it really nice and not too buggy. we
walked about halfway down the tumble rock trail, took pics and chilled on
the rocks next to the water. the wind died down and the bugs started
swarming just as we got back to the north shore, so that was good timing.
once we got back home, i went for a run along the river path. don't know
how many hundreds of times i've gone on that run. it was only in the low
70s but it was so humid i was soaked with sweat when i got back. showered
and my dad's parents showed up for little bro's graduation dinner. mom
made lasagna and did a pretty good job. she started crying and said that
she was just so happy that the most important people in the world to her
were all together in one place. made me glad that i could make it. weather
started getting perfect around 7 pm, so we walked to the high school for
the grad ceremony. it dragged... certainly feels a lot different when you
aren't too excited to graduate to care how hot and stuffy it is in the
gym. the choir sang sting's fields of gold. i was confused. saw a few
people from high school from a distance. went home, gave little bro his
graduation gift (ssb brawl) and then watched the king of kong with
molecularbond and charlie. it was good. just a good reminder of how normal
i really am.

saturday, molecularbond, charlie and i walked down to the farmer's market.
too early in the season for much of anything, and the old amish woman with
the amazing cookies appears to have been replaced with some other amish
guy. his cookies had such fancy packaging that i questioned their
quality... molecularbond bought some homemade horseradish from a one eyed
farmer. hope she doesn't die. went back home to help prep for the
graduation party. mom bought 25 dozen cookies without realizing just how
many that is. i think we made it thought like 7 of them, especially after
the full sized cake that little bro's friend (it was a double party)
brought. ate a brat, enjoyed it greatly, fell asleep on the couch while
surrounded by a ton of people. saw glen, my old boss. it was good to say
hi. party finally died down and i hit up luke's house. we had to grill
sausages from a distance so we didn't get eaten live by mosquitos. sat
around, shared stories (apparently andrew j is married!?!), listened to
music, and scared ourselves watching 28 weeks later in luke's theater
room. movie was not that great, but when the walls shake as a zombie jumps
through the window, it makes you jump. good to see the old boys again.

sunday was church. the ward is growing. they had 157 people the week
before, 140 or so that day. if they average 125 for the month of june,
they get to expand the church. should be quite exciting for people like my
parents who have been serving there for over 20 years. got home after
a potluck, had to rush to get packed and off to madison for the bus. had
to leave home at 1:30 pm cst, finally got back to sacramento at 11 pm pst.
just a long trip. they played fool's gold on the airplane ride, i couldn't
stand watching any more than 10 minutes. i drove home, and consequently
locked my keys in the car. at least i was able to get in my apartment and
sleep until 5 am and then take care of getting my car opened.

there was my trip home. i am glad i did it, i know it made my mom happy.
missed someone and wished she was there.

