+++
archive = ["2008-06"]
date = "2008-06-27T04:50:00"
slug = "1214542200"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "ye olden days of facebook"
+++

there was an editorial in the daily unifarce by some dude from bowling
green university about the olden days of facebook. lame? yes, but it did
make me wax a bit nostalgic. i remember first laying eyes on facebook
during the winter break of 04. i was less than two months off of my
mission and i was over at dumesday's house. one of his brothers friends
was logged on and checking out girls at his university. i was admittedly
skeptical, it didn't really seem of much worth. now, remember this was
before the days of applications, before the days of news feeds, before the
days of non-college students, heck, before the days of photo tagging.
nevertheless, i joined the crowd of freshman in the dorms and jumped on to
the facebook bandwagon. i remember searching through the freshman girls on
there hoping to find the name of the girl i had seen in the dorm lobby
a few nights earlier. just out of curiosity i still have message threads
in my inbox from january 2005 that i had sent back and forth with a crush.
in fact, the way i started hooking up with first girl i dated at byu was
from me finding out her name during math class, looking her up on
facebook, and sending a message (so crazy seeing her at the airport last
december totally preggers and with her husband). it was such a source of
entertainment as a freshman... i really wonder how i got by on so little
sleep. since the system was so simple back then, i remember one of the
only ways of defining yourself was through the groups you were in. i think
we had some pretty classic ideas for groups that semester too:

- "Get a Room: The Anti-Making Out in DT Lobbies League": i talked about
  our good times with this one [here][1] though you should notice that we
  changed the original name to "The Anti-Making Out in Public League". one
  important part of the story i had forgotten to mention: about a week
  after i created the group, i was sitting in the morris center cafeteria
  and i overhead two guys in the booth next to me start talking about the
  group. they claimed that the people who created it were obviously idiots
  and that they were probably breaking the honor code by taking girls into
  their rooms. they also made fun of latenighthunter because he had (still
  does have??) britney spears listed under his favorite music. we were so
  proud of ourselves that people we didn't know were talking about us!

- "Immodest is Hottest": haha, i am surprised we never got called in to
  the honor code office for this one. i am quite quite certain that i lost
  a lot of potential friends for being the creator and admin of this
  group. of course i think its important that we respect our bodies, but
  i just couldn't get over the idiocy that those "modest is hottest"
  tshirt people were all about. and i have always just loved rustling
  feathers. i noticed a few messages saying how i need to follow the honor
  code better in my perusing message inbox.. wonderful! "shoulders are not
  nipples."

- "The Coalition towards the Female Waxing of the Upper Lip": once again,
  semi tongue in cheek group created in order to ruffle feathers.
  basically it was a rehashing of the classic "if boys aren't allowed
  facial hair on campus, then girls shouldn't be allowed to have it
  either". i think i was most proud of the picture i found for the group
  of step by step picture instructions for the waxing process.

- "NCHO: Non-committal hang out": latenighthunter came up with this one.
  talking about, joking about, and even participating in ncmo
  (non-committal make out) was/is all the rage among byu freshman, and
  this was a wonderfully clever twist. the whole return missionary/looking
  to get married stigma made life always a bit more interesting, so it was
  a good way for us to declare that just like our pre-missionary friends,
  we did just want to hang out with girls for fun. its even more classic
  because my spring term homeboy scot couldn't figure out why the girl he
  was pursuing would keep going out with him but refused further
  commitment until he noticed that she was in this group on facebook. it
  all became clear.

- "The I Love Asian Women Group": ah those freshman nights... in hindsight
  i think this one lost me any chance of ever hooking up with asian girls
  through facebook, so i guess its good i got over my yellow fever pretty
  quickly. now, having this group of course brought me years worth of
  excuses as to why i didn't want to get into any commitment ("oh, shes
  not asian, so i'm not interested..."). it turns out i should have made
  it about mexican women, since they seem to be the ones i have found the
  most interest in.

anyway, i just thought i would get a few of those down for posterity's,
especially since i am no longer a part of any of them. excuse me as
i become a bit serious, but i do worry about the lack of historical record
that we are leaving behind in our digital age. we aren't leaving behind
letters and journals for our children's children to read, we are leaving
behind emails, blogs, and digital photos, stored on hard drives that will
only keep spinning as long as there is the money and will to keep them
spinning. i have been trying to keep a local copy of all of these blogs,
and i hope that someday i was get around to creating a hard copy just in
case blogger doesn't exit 100 years down the road. will anyone really care
that i am writing this anyway? eh, i enjoyed it at least.

[1]: {{< relref "1197402360.md" >}}

