+++
archive = ["2008-06"]
date = "2008-06-23T20:46:00"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1214253960"
title = "life as a man"
+++

this post is for boys/men only. if you are a girl, i warn you to stop
reading now. you may continue to do so, but i take no responsibility for
you being upset by what you read. close your web browser NOW.

ok, so i think its a well known fact that males tend to have more "active"
digestive systems than females. we can be pretty "gassy" at times. i don't
think i am all that abnormal, though if you ask my roommates from the
missionary training center, they might disagree. anyway, despite it being
a well known part of life, i don't like just being free with releasing
gaseous byproducts into the atmosphere around girls, especially ones i am
trying to impress. so, as i am sure you other guys have experienced, it
can be quite the task to spend a few hours with a girl while holding
everything in. it can get downright uncomfortable towards the end of the
night, especially if you ate something particularly nasty for lunch. now,
please understand, i don't like saying goodbye to a girl at night.
i really want to keep spending time with her, and its tough bringing
myself to let her go into her house/apartment. i've said a few times that
the drive home is quite lonely. BUT, let me tell you, it is also brings
some of the most satisfying relief as everything that has been building up
in my intestines for the past few hours is finally set free. i roll down
the window and just let go. its quite liberating.

am i the only one who experiences this?

