---
archive: [2009-10]
date: '2009-10-14T02:44:39'
old_paths: [/archive/2009/10/13/grad-school.html, /wp/2009/10/13/grad-school/, /2009/10/13/grad-school/,
  /blog/333]
slug: '1255488279'
tags: [personal]
title: grad school
---

well, grad school is tough. at least the convincing myself that i am
spending my time wisely is tough. i'm not making any money, i'm thousands
of miles away from the woman i am in love with, and i have to do homework.

sometimes its tough being very motivated. not to say that i am not
learning some pretty cool stuff. my operating systems course is extremely
interesting, and the weekly seminars from guest lecturers from google,
cray, etc, have been pretty good too. i am not part of a research group
yet, but my TA job is fine for now.

i dunno, i am just wondering if i am going to be any more marketable once
i get out of here than i was six months ago after getting my bachelor's.
ok, i guess no matter what, a master's degree from a top ten program can't
hurt... and what how much more marketable i am afterwards is entirely
dependent on how much i put in to it (even more so than a bachelor's
degree). though i have wondered a few times if i could be making myself
more marketable by taking some day job and just working on some
independent projects by night. i could probably even do that in provo and
be close to mariam... of course my parents and mariam have been
encouraging me to stay.

i am sure that if i gave up now and just went into the workforce, i would
completely regret my decision in a short time. i mean, it is free and
all...

let's be honest, i probably will stay. and i probably will have a crappy
semester. and it will probably motivate me to get back on track next
semester and then i will start loving it here. until then.. sigh.

