---
archive: [2007-01]
date: '2007-01-03T05:39:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2007/01/03/i-am-a-nerd.html, /wp/2007/01/03/i-am-a-nerd/, /2007/01/03/i-am-a-nerd/,
  /blog/43]
slug: '1167802740'
tags: [nerdiness]
title: i am a nerd
---

so, i got this kooky idea that it would be cool to be able to use linux on
my computer without destroying my OSX install. macs can boot from firewire
drives, and my ipod can be used as a firewire drive... so, i decided to
install linux on my ipod.

if you are a geek, read on. if not, skip to the end.  first, i needed to
figure out how to partition my ipod without destroying its music playback
capabilities. this actually wasn't very hard. you can't just toast the
entire thing, because the ipod firmware is on a small partition at the
beginning of the drive. after backing up the firmware partition using dd,
i then backed up the ipod's OS which is on the large partition using ditto
(first i took off all of the music so there was very little to backup).
using pdisk, i resized the 18.9gb partition to 14gb, and left the other
4gb empty. using ditto again, i put the os back onto the 14gb partition,
and it worked like a charm. i didn't even need to do a restore. then,
booting up with an ubuntu install cd, i started the linux installation
process. this is where i hit a snag. apparently post 1999 macs use whats
called a newworld apple bootloader partition on the harddrive instead of
a ROM. i decided it was just easiest to let the installer automatically
set up the partitioning, but at the very end of the install process,
everything croaked. it said it couldn't find the newworld partition, so it
wouldn't boot. well crap. here is what i've found out so far. the boot
loader that is used for booting linux on newworld ppc machines is called
yaboot, and that is what is supposed to be loaded onto this partition.
i bet that because the ipod is an external drive, the yaboot.config file
didn't get set up correctly. i am looking into manually editing this
config file to see if i can't get the settings pointing to the correct
partitions. in order to load yaboot, i am going to have to find out if/how
the apple open firmware (which is stored on the newworld boot partition on
my internal disk) sees the ipod. if my tinkering with the yaboot config
file doesn't cause the ipod to be automatically recognized as a bootable
drive, then i might be able to use open firmware commands to point to the
ipod's partition to run the boot loader. in the end, this is all rather
moot because the ipod harddrive was not built to handle loading operating
systems, so using for anything more than a short period of time will
basically fry the drive. i guess it is just for the geek factor of it
all..

end of geekiness. i am looking forward to school starting again.

