+++
archive = ["2007-01"]
date = "2007-01-21T07:26:00"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1169364360"
title = "lifes little lessons"
+++

jumping into pits of things, despite seeming like a great way to spend
a saturday night, isn't really as exciting as one might think. especially
when it just makes one realize one was born with absolutely no athletic
ability. trust me on this one, always choose the alternative to jumping
into pits of things.

i was tired all day. probably because i was up until 3 am eating omelets
with current and former 100 hour board writers.

anyway, like i said before, i have absolutely no athletic talent. no
coordination, no balance, nothing. various events have reminded me of this
(tonight's pit jumping, dancing in a musical play, etc). i suppose i could
blame in on bad genes. no one in my family has ever been even the
slightest athletic. my dad played video games with me instead of playing
basketball.

story time (IOW, more than you ever wanted to know about ryan): like
i said, no athletic ability whatsoever. always last picked at recess.
always worst in gym class. little league bench warmer. the list goes on.
but i always wished i could be good at basketball. i was tall, i enjoyed
watching it, and it was fun to play despite my lack of talent. i went to
basketball camps all the time. i wonder how many times they asked
themselves when that silly red headed kid was going to stop showing up to
these things. middle school rolled around. being a boy who wished he could
play sports with the other guys, i did what seemed natural, i joined the
football team. dumb. dumb. dumb. even dumber for the coaches to make me
a left tackle. knocked flat on my back every time. no thanks. basketball
was decent. i played second string for the second team... after the
season, it was going to be going back to video games in the evenings. no
spring sports for me. i had given up on baseball years ago. but then my
homeroom teacher just had to be track captain, and she just had to hound
on me everyday to join the team. i did. failed miserably at the events the
gave me also. they made me throw discus. wow. i think i hit opening heigth
for the high jump once. 400 meter dash was a joke. but at least i was
exercising. kept me from just sitting in front of a computer all day. then
came the dreaded 1 mile run in physical education class. i was usually one
of the last in the class to finish. i prepared myself for another debacle,
but as i began, amazingly, i was running faster than my classmates. it was
definitely a new experience. 6:34 mile. enough to have the cross country
coach invite me out for the team the next fall. tried it, wasn't too hot,
but enjoyed it. even though i was slow, i had the feeling that i could get
better. track the next season was even better. conference runner up in the
one mile run. to prepare for high school cross country the next fall,
i decided to run 3 miles every day. i had no idea how to measure threee
miles, so i ran around the track 12 times every night. freshman cross
country year, i made it onto the varsity team by midseason. continued with
a decent track season. i never was great. i think i can safely blame that
on the aforementioned complete lack of any innate athletic talent. but
i can't be sad with what i acheived. 6 times all-conference in CC and
track. track mvp my senior year. its what put me through high school. even
if our team was the only winning sports team at the school (which was
basically true), we were still the nerds and the losers, but that was ok.
it felt good to be good at something.

lame story, sorry for the waste of time. just a peek into the person that
makes up ryan.

