+++
archive = ["2006-08"]
date = "2006-08-14T04:41:00"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1155530460"
title = "just another manic monday"
+++

i am excited to move into my new apartment building. this place has been
full of too much crap. yeah, so maybe i brought a lot of it on me with the
whole making out with three different girls in one weekend (can anyone say
rebound?) but still, a fresh start will be nice. i am pretty sure i will
do a lot better in this new place. i am a bit worried about meeting too
many freshman girls though, and everyone knows that freshman girls are not
a good thing to get mixed up with. too much of that here at the villa
also.

i am pretty sure i am a nice guy. i've yelled at girls a few times, but
i think they deserved it when i did. i've never hit one and i would hate
myself forever if i ever did. i think there is a girl out there who will
actually respect that fact in me, and respect the fact that i care about
her feelings more than anything else. just finding her without getting too
discouraged along the way is the tricky part.

this week is finals. and once again, i could not care less. i just don't
understand the fuss. if you did your work during the semester, a final
really isn't going to change a whole lot. i will do my token studying for
each test i suppose. and i will get straight A's again, without anyone
giving a crap. whatever. i don't get all that excited, but i know i would
be pissed if i didn't get the As, so it is better that way.

people are starting to come back this week. that is a good thing, because
i am hella bored way too often. i find myself in the weight room trying to
take up more and more time. that has left me pretty sore, but maybe i will
actually gain some mass for once.

that is all.

