+++
archive = ["2006-08"]
date = "2006-08-27T21:05:00"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1156712700"
title = "how i feel about me."
+++

i think it can be pretty useful sometimes to take a self inventory. during
those long dark tea times of the soul, trying to understand where your
strengths and weaknesses lie can help you really improve yourself. thus,
how i feel about myself:

likes:

- intelligent: i think i'm a pretty smart guy. i can achieve well in
  school, and i really enjoy learning.

- believing: i have strong beliefs that i hold to. i am not perfect in
  living the things i believe in, but i try. it is no small feat to
  reconcile what i believe and the logical and scientific ways that
  i think and study. yet the more i learn, the more i believe.

- sense of humor: i think i can be a pretty funny guy. a lot of it depends
  on the situation, but there are times i can be a total goofball.
  sometimes my humor is a bit dry and cynical, and some people might not
  appreciate it, but some can and they get a kick out of it.

- physically healthy: i keep myself in shape. i like to run, lift weights,
  and play pick up games of various types. i hiked up a mountain the other
  day, and it felt really good.

- sense of style: i might not have the coolest style, but i know what
  looks good. i think i dress pretty well, especially for how much of
  a nerd i am.

- nerd: i am proud to be a nerd, and i don't hide it. i like computers,
  i like science fiction. it is cool to be a geek.

- big dreams and hard working: i really want to suceed in life. and
  i think i have the will power to do it. for example, i went from being
  one of the least athletic kids in my class to being MVP of the track
  team my senior year. i don't think i can count on genetics for that one,
  because i am the only one in my family who has ever done anything
  athletic. i pushed myself very hard to get to that point. and so now,
  i have big goals of being sucessful in my career. i plan on graduating
  near the top of my class, i plan on going on to graduate school at an
  elite university, and i plan on working and making a very comfortable
  living.

- loyal: i can be a very good friend. when i care about someone, i really
  care about them.

- loving: this one is almost borderline between like and dislike. i fall
  in love pretty easily. when i love someone, i want to do everything in
  my power to stay with them. unfortunately, that sometimes leads to me
  being a bit paranoid or pushy. but i figure at some point i will find
  a girl who appreciates the fact that i will worship the ground she walks
  on and fight to the death to keep her mine, so i guess i should like
  that fact about me.

dislikes (and how i plan to fix it):

- pale skin and poor complextion: the curse of being a redhead. not much
  i can really do here.

- too skinny: i will never be a big guy. after a year of pretty consistent
  weight lifting, i would say i have put on very little mass. but i am not
  going to get discouraged, and maybe someday i can look decent without my
  shirt on.

- moody: sometimes i can just get grumpy. a lot of times, there are
  reasons, but the reasons might not fully justify my feelings. it has
  happened a lot over the last summer, so i need to work on it. i can
  usually get myself out of my moodiness pretty quickly. i think a lot of
  the time, i am just looking for a little bit of attention, so i need to
  get over acting like a five year old.

- easily stressed: i push myself very hard. i really try my hardest to be
  laid back about a lot of stuff, as many people who know me find out. but
  that is really just a defense mechanism, because i know how stressed
  i can become. i will continue to try to be relaxed about school and
  relationships (probably the two most stressful things i have) and i need
  to make sure i have ways of releasing my feelings. i want to pick up
  basketball again, so i think i will go buy a ball tomorrow.

- pessimistic: its true, i can be a worryer and a pessimist. i get it from
  my dad. for example, sometimes i really do think that i have no chance
  with women. yet if i really think about it, among the girls i have gone
  out with and dated, i would say 95% are quite attractive girls. i do
  have some charm in me. i just need to tell myself that more.

- cold: i said above i was loyal and loving, which i do believe, but
  sometimes i can be a very cold person. i am about the least sentimental
  person i know. sometimes i think that is good because it keeps me from
  emotionally attaching myself to thinks that don't have a lot of meaning,
  but it also keeps me from a lot of joy in life. this last week, i spent
  a lot of time with my mom. a few times i thought that i was bored of it
  because her and i are so different, but when i went home at nights,
  i realized how i did love her and i did want to spend time with her.
  i will miss her someday. i need to learn to open my heart to more
  things.

- anger: i don't get angry too often, but when i do, it is bad. i say and
  do stupid things. i need to learn more control of myself in emotionally
  stressful situations. i think part of the reason i can be cold is that
  i want to avoid those situations as much as possible. i think the best
  way to do it though is confront them and try and stay as calm as
  possible.

well, i think that is about it right now. new semester, new beginnings,
and hopefully a new me.

