---
archive: [2006-08]
date: '2006-08-21T09:48:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2006/08/21/two-weeks.html, /wp/2006/08/21/two-weeks/, /2006/08/21/two-weeks/,
  /blog/24]
slug: '1156153680'
tags: [personal]
title: two weeks.
---

well, i'm in my new apartment now. it's pretty decent. the kitchen is nice
(we shall see if i ever do end up using it). the living room is a bit
small though. the place is empty, along with the rest of the complex.

tonight i went out to dinner with my mom, her roommate from college, and
the roommates daughter. thankfully my mom didn't try to pull any silly
match making lines. we went to macaroni grill, which was quite tasty.
afterwards, we went driving through provo canyon and enjoyed the scenery.

today, latenighthunter was supposed to take a greyhound bus down to st.
george to meet k. well, apparently the bus showed up and had no space on
it, even though he and a bunch of other people had bought tickets. so, my
mom and i did the nice thing and drove latenighthunter down to meet
k about halfway in beaver, utah. my butt is still sore from that drive.

utah is not a very pretty place, especially fillmore utah. avoid it.

and drive-throughs in beaver, ut have to be the slowest anywhere in the
world. i hope dairy queen figured out something to do with our medium ice
cream cones. waiting ten minutes in the drive through gets a bit boring,
so we went to burger king instead.

so yeah, i've got a whole week of a completely empty apartment.
latenighthunter will be back on saturday. i'm not quite sure what to do
with myself. i might work on my mission memoirs a bit. thankfully i bought
tickets to education week, so i will be able to keep myself busy for a few
hours. i'm going to check out the classes on the dead sea scrolls. it
should be good.

if anyone has any good ideas for how i can keep myself occupied for the
rest of my "vacation" let me know. also, if anyone is good at organizing
furniture, get ahold of me. i am at a loss at how to place these couches
in order to get the best tv viewing experience for the most people. call
me if you are in provo.

