---
archive: [2007-08]
date: '2007-08-28T04:29:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2007/08/28/the-worst-honor-code-violators.html, /wp/2007/08/28/the-worst-honor-code-violators/,
  /2007/08/28/the-worst-honor-code-violators/, /blog/93]
slug: '1188275340'
tags: [personal]
title: the worst honor code violators
---

i think one of the biggest and most blatant honor code violations that
occurs among byu students is terrible and illegal driving patterns. it
seems like drivers near byu campus (from any state) don't feel the need to
use the turn signal. i see this violation almost once a day while out
riding on my scooter. two examples from today:   
  
1. i came up behind an SUV at the intersection of 820 N and 900 E. it
  didn't have a turn signal on, and appeared to be going straight, so
  i drove up on its right side so i could turn right. when i got to the
  intersection and looked left, i saw that now the SUV was inching towards
  me. the girl gave me a look like i was a terrible person, and she turned
  on her turn signal. i just shook my head and backed up so she didn't run
  me over while she made a right turn.  
  
2. i came to the intersection of 800 N and 700 E, and signaled to turn
  right. i looked left, and an SUV was approaching, so i waited. it
  started to slow down as it came to the intersection, but there was no
  turn signal. was i supposed to go in hopes that i had guessed correctly?
  or was i supposed to wait, possibly annoying the people behind me and
  wasting time? the girl driving the SUV gave me a blank stare as she turn
  and i shook my head at her.  
  
living the laws of the land is part of the the honor code. thus these
people are honor code violators. i don't think side burns longer than
one's ears or watching a movie with a group of friends until 12:30 are
matters of life and death, but illegal and bad driving is, thus making it
that much more serious of a violation. i think i should start taking down
license plate numbers.

