+++
archive = ["2011-05"]
date = "2011-05-13T06:17:56"
slug = "1305267476"
title = "Thoughts on Battlestar Galactica (Spoiler Alert)"
aliases = ["/post/5444205501", "/post/5444205501/thoughts-on-battlestar-galactica-spoiler-alert"]
+++

**If you haven't finished BSG yet (Amy Jo!), stop reading immediately.**

Ok. Mariam and I made it through all four seasons of Battlestar Galactica.
Overall, I really enjoyed it.  The series was fun to watch and for the
most part ended in a satisfying way.

###Favorite character###

Surprisingly, I think it was Gaius Baltar.  Yes, I know that seems like
a strange choice, but a lot of times I actually felt sorry for him, both
for his own stupidity and the unfair way that the other characters treated
him.  He was certainly the most interesting character (not nearly as one
dimensional as someone like Helo).  I am glad he "redeemed" himself in the
final episodes, but I also really found him intriguing while on New
Caprica.

###Least favorite character###

Felix Gaeta.  I found him obnoxious from the beginning and it just went
downhill from there.  Really hated him during the Baltar's trial and the
mutiny.  He was closely followed by Cally.  Massive whiner.

###Biggest Disappointment###

I hate the way the Chief's story end.  I like him a lot, but after he
killed Tori, it seemed we didn't see anything else about him.  But
according to the [BSG Wiki][1], the following occurs in Daybreak Part 3:

> Walking in the savannah, the Tighs speak with Galen Tyrol a final time.
> He has decided to go to the northern highlands of Earth (likely
> Scotland).

Before they part, Saul says that if what happened to Cally would've
happened to Ellen, he "would've done the same frakkin' thing." As Galen
leaves, Saul and Ellen embrace.

So I went back to re-watch that episode on Netflix, and that I cannot find
that scene (it's supposed to be right after the fleet flies in to the
sun).  I am disappointed about that since a) that would have given me at
least some feeling of closure and b) now I wonder how many other scenes
were missing from the Netflix episodes.  Strange.

###Questions###

1) Do the final five not age? They all looked the same way as they did
during the Earth flashbacks, but didn't Tigh and Adama know each other for
a really long time?  That part didn't seem to make much sense to me.

2) What were the final five? Were they humans that had figured out
resurrection or were they actually a different species?  They were
descendants of the 13th colony of Kobol, so it seems like they would just
be humans.  But the above issue about aging may go against that theory.
The other seven models are also obviously not human (no aging, don't
appear to need to eat, can hook up to computers by shoving wires in their
wrists).  It just seems strange that "cylons" existed as a separate group
alongside the humans on Kobol.

Overall, I was not very happy with the explanations of the origin of the
final five and the current race of cylons.

That's about it.  I'm not sure if I would watch the entire show over again
or not.. It is pretty long and even with a few sicks days doing little
aside from watching episodes, it took a while to get through.

[1]: http://en.battlestarwiki.org/wiki/Daybreak,_Part_II
