+++
tags = ["nerdiness"]
title = "Cheating Husbands"
slug = "1265904312"
date = "2010-02-11T16:05:12"
archive = ["2010-02"]
aliases = ["/post/383890751", "/post/383890751/cheating-husbands"]
+++

> Mamajorca was a small, tight knit city, in fact small enough to hear
> a single gunshot from the opposite end of town.  Every married woman in
> the city was a perfect reasoner, having passed an extremely rigorous set
> of pre-marital academic tests.  However, some of the men were not as
> smart, and they began cheating on their wives.  Of course in such a small
> city, gossip about the cheating husbands quickly spread amongst all the
> married women.  Each of them knew if one of the other wives was being
> cheated on, though none of the wives were able to discern whether or not
> their own husbands were being unfaithful.
> 
> The great queen of the city, Henrietta I, who was always truthful and to
> whom all the women were always obedient, decided to put an end to the
> problem of the cheating husbands in her city.  One day, she gathered all
> of the wives to the town square and announced to them that there was at
> least one or more cheating husbands in the city.  From that time forward,
> if a wife discovered that her own husband was cheating, she was bound by
> law to shoot him at midnight of that same day.  Despite all of the wives
> knowing about all of the other cheating husbands, they were all forbidden
> to speak a word of their knowledge lest the unfaithful men catch wind of
> the plan and escape their punishment.
> 
> Given that there are *n* (where *n* > 0) cheating husbands in the city,
> how many nights will it be before they are all killed?

So, this is a paraphrase of part of the paper I read for my distributed
systems course today.  It is about determining when information is common
knowledge amongst a set of nodes.  At least computer scientists know how
to make theory somewhat entertaining.

And the answer is on the *n*th day.  The proof is left up to the reader.
