+++
aliases = ["/post/415064987", "/post/415064987/my-review-of-the-hurt-locker"]
archive = ["2010-02"]
date = "2010-02-27T08:48:00"
slug = "1267260480"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "My Review of \"The Hurt Locker\""
+++

__I was obviously not happy when I wrote this and it was also 2:30 AM, so
read accordingly.  But I can't see anything I necessarily disagree with so
I will leave it as is.__

I'm lying here in bed feeling empty, depressed, and angry. This was not an
easy movie to watch. But I think everyone should. Some might say "Why
would I want to watch a movie that makes me feel that way? I will stick to
Disney." And if you are one of those people, you more than anyone else
needs to watch this movie. 

Why? It's real. It's the reality of what is happening right at the very
moment you are reading this. How can we ever hope to stop it if we always
hide ourselves away and pretend like all is well in the world?

War is horrible. It destroys humans. Mentally and physically, right at
this very moment humans are being destroyed by a war funded by my country.
It's disgusting. 

This movie is about the psychological destruction of humans caused by war.
Think of one of the people you love most: spouse, sibling, child. Now
realize there is someone just like you whose person they love has had
their humanity stripped from them by war. 

The scene that got me the most was toward the end as he is standing in the
cereal aisle of the grocery store. We talk about honoring the veterans for
preserving our freedom quite a bit in this country.  This scene just made
me think not only of the absolute evil of the things veterans have had to
endure, but of the desicable shallowness of the things we use our freedom
for.  Filling our bodies with fake food while we consume fake sex and
violence for entertainment.  Another human destroyed so we can have our
premade meals and our porn. 

Well this has been a rant instead of a review. I guess that's shows how
the movie made me feel.

I recommend this movie, not for entertainment but as a reminder of why we
are all responsible for denouncing war and proclaiming peace.
