---
archive:
- 2008-05
categories:
- blog
date: '2008-05-08T01:21:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2008/05/08/title.html
- /wp/2008/05/08/title/
- /2008/05/08/title/
- /blog/179
slug: '1210209660'
tags:
- personal
title: title
---

hi again everyone.

sorry for the long absence. i promise to be better. lets give a life
update:

- work has been busy. [customer launches][1] are coming up, so we have
  been going pretty hardcore for most of april. things have slowed down
  a bit as we have worked out most of the kinks on the software side of
  things, but the air is still a bit tense. i've been doing a lot of
  testing of drivers, benchmarking, some coding of windows apps, and
  learning about linux packaging systems. good times all around.

- a second intern from byu started with the group a few days ago. he is
  actually the guy who set me up originally with this gig. its been fun
  having someone like me around, and we have had a bit of friendly
  competition going on.. seeing who can get more kudos awards (have
  i blogged about those yet? they are $25 gift cards we get for doing
  a good job.. i've got about $125 worth of amazon credit right now..),
  coming up with names for each other (i enjoy calling him intern #2),
  etc. good times for all.

- i have been shaving less lately. its actually gotten down to almost once
  a week. the one time i do it, it is still quite enjoyable and
  satisfying, but i save some time during the week.

- i am in the elder's quorum presidency at church. i thought i had escaped
  that calling back in utah, but it found me again. it keeps me busy, but
  its been good for me. i have been going out with the missionaries a lot
  too. it feels nice to be able to do that again after 3 years in
  mormon-ville...

ok, thats it for major updates. will post more later.

[1]: {{< relref "1208211900.md" >}}

