+++
archive = ["2008-02"]
date = "2008-02-18T04:25:00"
slug = "1203308700"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "shaved."
aliases = ["/archive/2008/02/18/shaved.html", "/wp/2008/02/18/shaved/", "/2008/02/18/shaved/", "/blog/152"]
+++

hello all from tahoe. i am up here spending the weekend with a group of
friends in a really nice villa. good stuff, very relaxing. anyway, part of
my relaxing vacation was trying out my new shaving tools!!! i skipped my
lunch hour on friday so i could go pick up the box from the post office.
i was really tempted to give it a shot friday night once we got to the
villa, but i decided to hold off until the next day once my beard had
grown out a little bit more. so, after doing a bit of snow shoeing in the
morning, i gave it a shot yesterday. i filled up the sink with hot water
and put my brush and mug in there to start soaking and warming up. after
my shower, i washed my face down with my pre-shave soap. it has a light
lime smell, and my whiskers felt pretty soft afterwards. i then pulled the
brush and mug out of the water. as expected, the brush smelled terrible.
wet badger. nasty stuff. apparently it takes about a weak of use to
finally start smelling nice. anyway, i put a tiny bit of shaving cream in
the mug and got to work on making a lather. i really like the smell of the
shaving cream i chose. at first i was worried it would smell too old
manish, but it has just a very manly fresh smell. unfortunately the mug
i was using (i just found it in the kitchen here at the villa) was a bit
small, so it wasn't too easy getting a good lather. i might have to invest
in wide mouthed mug. but after some trying i got a nice wet lather going,
and i applied it to my face. the badger stink was mostly covered by the
cream, but not completely, so that was a bit unfortunate. once i got the
lather worked up nice on my face, it was time to go at it with the razor.
i am using the indian derby blades since i was told those are good for
beginners. the shave felt nice and smooth. it took a bit of time since
i was concentrating on keeping the blade at the right angle and not
applying any pressure, but i got through one pass without any problems.
unfortunately then i was disturbed by someone who wanted to use the
bathroom. this was a bit frustrating for me, since i had explained to
everyone what my plan was. so then unfortunately i only went through
a second pass, and it was a bit rushed. i rinsed off with cold water and
then applied some aftershave balm. even with the rushed second pass, it
felt pretty good. just as close as i had ever gotten with a mach3. no
nicks or razor burn. all in all, it was pretty good. everyone says that
the closeness and comfort will improve with time and practice, so i plan
to keep on it. maybe someday i will achieve the legendary baby butt smooth
shave. i will be sure to keep you all updated.

anyway, thought i would just share that with all of you (plus tangerine
requested it, so i thought i would be a nice guy). sorry for the dearth of
posts lately. i will work on it.

