+++
archive = ["2008-02"]
date = "2008-02-19T13:12:00"
slug = "1203426720"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "old gems: 2005.03.31"
aliases = ["/archive/2008/02/19/old-gems-20050331.html", "/wp/2008/02/19/old-gems-20050331/", "/2008/02/19/old-gems-20050331/", "/blog/153"]
+++

ok, so i was reading through my old journal i kept my freshman year at
BYU. man, i wish i would have kept that up. some classic stuff in there.
i wish i could post more of it, but some of the people discussed in there
are still acquaintances. anyway, for my writing class i had to answer
a number of questions in my journal. here was an interesting one about the
honor code. i think most of you who know me will be interested to see that
my feelings on the honor code have not changed much in the past three
years. enjoy:

Why (or why not) is it important to have an Honor Code?

Hmm. Hehe, this is thought provoking. Is it necessary? Well, the majority
of the students here at BYU are members of the Church. Therefore, under
their baptismal covenants (and in some cases, temple covenants), they are
required to live a certain way. There is a set of commandments that they
must keep as part of those covenants, including the Word of Wisdom, Law of
Chastity, the 10 Commandments, tithing, etc etc. And then here at BYU
there is the Honor Code. Basically, it tells all of students at BYU that
they have to keep these same commandments (with a few extra tacked on) in
order to stay at BYU. In reality, I think this is pointless. A member of
the Church attending any other university can be strictly following the
commandments and living a good life, though still stay out at their female
friend’s apartment after midnight, and can sport shaggy hair. These
things are not against Gospel principles. It is interesting that a member
outside of BYU would have less rules, where it would seem as if a person
would be more likely to face temptation because of the fewer numbers of
those with similar standards. So why do we, who are at BYU, need these
extra rules? I mean, I have no problem with the Honor Code stating we need
to keep the commandments, but why not just leave it at we must keep our
baptismal covenants? Why the added padding? What good does it really do
for us? I really feel that some parts of the Honor Code are silly and
without reason. Another thing that is silly, is I have been told that in
most cases, if someone confesses a sin to a bishop, the bishop will not
report them to the Honor Code office, even if there has been a violation.
I think this just exemplifies the superfluous nature of the Honor Code. If
the violation is enough to put someone in danger of losing their baptismal
covenants, shouldn’t that be enough? I guess there is some need to
separate the University from the Church, but still, I think the Honor Code
office tries to do too much sometimes. The Honor Code should not be what
dictates our actions, it should be our covenants with the Lord. And
because the covenants we make have no mention of long hair or facial hair,
why should the Honor Code go against these things? Is there really any
justification of having those rules? This isn’t like a commandment
where we can just say that we don’t need to know the reason, we should
just have faith, because it is from God. The Honor Code is not from God.
Granted, men such as prophets and apostles have come up with [actually
i was mistaken here...], yet it is still just a man-made policy.
Therefore, we should not be expected to be subject to pointless rules. The
Honor Code is not Church doctrine, nor is it canonized scripture. Why are
we punished for attending BYU by having rules placed upon us, with
seemingly no reason? Anyway, enough ranting for the evening. Thanks.

