+++
archive = ["2008-02"]
date = "2008-02-28T09:01:00"
slug = "1204189260"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "simpler times"
aliases = ["/archive/2008/02/28/simpler-times.html", "/wp/2008/02/28/simpler-times/", "/2008/02/28/simpler-times/", "/blog/156"]
+++

i remember when i was a younger, things were a lot simpler. not nearly as
much to worry about.

- i remember it took me almost a week to get up the courage to tell my mom
  that i thought it was time to start wearing deodorant. why in the world
  was i embarrassed by that? it doesn't make sense, but i remember it
  being very difficult to do. thank goodness i did.

- as a deacon at church, my biggest worry was weather i would be able to
  hold up the water tray while passing the sacrament. we would wait at the
  sacrament table until the presiding leader took the sacrament, and we
  would hold the trays out in front of us. the full tray of water cups was
  just too much for my skinny little twelve year old arms, so i would try
  to position myself to be the last person to get a tray meaning i had the
  least amount of holding time.

- the pants i was given for 7th grade football were about four times too
  big. they gave me a belt that had the amazing ability to come loose
  every time i started running. i spent a whole season trying to keep my
  pants from falling down. maybe it was good i was waaay to embarrassed to
  ever put on my jock strap in the locker room.

- when i was fourteen i first tried asking a girl to dance and... who am
  i kidding, i'm still deathly afraid of that.

ah, simpler times. i am sure i can look back twenty years from now and say
the exact same things about what i am worried about now. kind of keeps
things in perspective.

