+++
archive = ["2008-04"]
date = "2008-04-11T16:19:00"
tags = ["nerdiness"]
slug = "1207930740"
title = "windows, please die."
+++

i work with the vista drivers and i have to use a thinkpad w/ xp at
work. it is torture. yesterday i spent the morning trying to get rid of
this stupid virus that was infecting the MBR of all my flash drives and
test hard drives. i ended up having to use my macbook to clean them off
correctly (apparently the windows built-in formatter doesn't wipe the
MBR and apparently it no longer comes with fdisk either.. go figure).
soooo obnoxious.

this was posted today on slashdot:

[Windows is 'collapsing,' Gartner analysts warn][1]

it seems like a happy thought to me, but i doubt it will happen anytime
soon. the most interesting reader comment though was here:

[There never was a Windows OS!][2]

>  "Windows NT was developed by Dave Cuttler (of DEC VMS team) based on
>  a operating system specification developed by IBM. (It was supposed to
>  be released under the name OS/2 version 3).

Microsoft implemented the Windowing API on top of that operating system.

The fact is that Microsoft has never developed a commercial operating
system from scratch!!!

They have only incremented the original Windows NT (a.k.a. OS/2 v3.0) code
base, for example by:
- replacing the OS/2 file system delivered in Windows NT with the more
  modern NTFS
- re-writing the OS/2 deveice driver layer of Windows NT with a new,
  32-bit and C-based API [the original NT device driver model was 16-bit
  and assembler-based]
- moving the implementation of the graphics API into the ring-0 kernel
  [big mistake!]
- replacing the OS/2 multitaskin DOS compatibility (i.e. the text window
  of Windows) with a less DOS-compatible one, which was supposed to run on
  multiple processor architectures.

The effort to create a new operating system core for Vista failed because
of lack of in-house knowlege.

The task of writing a new core OS (under the Windows API) seems to be too
difficult for a company run by marketing people and lawyers."

its all so clear now. have fun with vista, windows lovers.

[1]: http://www.computerworld.com.au/index.php/id;1870375122;fp;;fpid;;pf;1
[2]: http://linux.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=518946&cid=23034950

