+++
archive = ["2008-04"]
date = "2008-04-14T15:30:00"
slug = "1208187000"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "a morning"
+++

i had an interesting morning. not a bad one. just interesting.

i woke up at around 6:38 and decided ten more minutes in bed sounded nice.
so, i stayed. but as i started to get up, i realized i was sticking to the
bed! as far as i can remember, i think i fell asleep last night with
a piece of gum in my mouth, and now it was gummed up between my shoulder
and my bed. none in my hair thankfully. anyway, i wasn't too bugged,
especially since i had woken up without an alarm, which always means its
going to be a not dead tired day.

so, i hopped in the shower. for some reason my conditioner bottle felt
like exploding on me today. i tried using reverse suction to put some of
the excess conditioner back into the bottle, but that ultimately failed.
oh well.

as soon as i got out of the shower, i started brushing my teeth. i didn't
mean to. i was a bit annoyed since then i couldn't have the rest of my
mango or grapefruit for breakfast (it tastes too nasty). but i had an
apple for my fruit instead.

it cooled off A LOT over the night. last night i had trouble falling
asleep since it was so stuffy in my room (and i had to close the windows
because of the obnoxiously bad karaoke coming from the apartment across
the way), but this morning the apartment was almost chilly. which was
a nice change after a warm weekend.

i turned on my itunes, and randomly the cover of "video killed the radio
star" by the presidents of the united states of america came on. do you
know how many times that song has been covered? i count at least 47
different bands who have covered it on the itunes store. i believe the
original was by the buggles. anyone want to correct me?

i really need to send off a letter, but the only mailbox near my house is
located in the worst location possible. there is no where within about two
blocks to park my car near it. i am just going to have to run to it one of
these days.

that was my morning.

