+++
archive = ["2009-01"]
date = "2009-01-09T14:56:32"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1231512992"
title = "ryan's grooming tips for boys and girls"
+++

i thought i would share with you all some of my great wealth of knowledge
about looking and smelling totally sweet:

**antiantiperspirant**

ok, so yes, i no longer wear antiperspirant. for those of you who have
been lucky enough to be in "close" quarters with me, you will know that
i tend to sweat.. a lot for some reason. its like i'm an obese man in
a tall skinny kids body. so yeah, that sucks. and guess, what,
antiperspirant does _nothing_. i sweat just as much with it as i do
without it. and when i wear it, it just turns my undershirt's armpits
nasty (thats right folks, its not sweat that causes yellowing, its caked
up antiperspirant). so, i decided to stop. "but won't that make you just
really smelly ryan?!" i hear you saying. and guess what! nope! i've
changed over to one of those natural crystal deodorants. i dunno how much
i believe all of the health nut mumbo jumbo about the stuff, but it works.
no smell and no stains. also, i filled an old sock with gold bond powder
and i slap some of that on to help reduce moisture. it also makes me feel
all tingly, so thats cool.

**boots**

girls, if you don't own a pair of boots, get some. they are hot.

**they're back**

[the mustache is inching its way back - the new york times][1] i think all
of you guys should join me. i started mine three weeks ago. 

[1]: http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/08/fashion/08CODES.html?_r=3

