---
alturls:
- https://twitter.com/bismark/status/10950959031
archive:
- 2010-03
date: '2010-03-23T23:56:15'
old_paths:
- /post/468952833
- /post/468952833/what-is-your-favorite-book-movie-tv-show-video
slug: '1269388575'
type: answer
---

> What is your favorite book, movie, tv show, video game, food, place to
> go on vacation, blog post that you've written previously, blog to read
> of someone you know, blog to read of someone you don't know, tech blog,
> and any other favorite things that you would like to share?

&mdash; Gio

Dear Gio,

Thanks for the lovely question.  Well, actually, I hate questions like
these because I never can think of what to say.

Here we go...

**Book**: Oh gosh I don't know. I don't read enough, that's for sure.
I am still only around 2/3 of the way through _Rough Stone Rolling_, which
is terrible since it is a) an amazing book and b) I started it 3 years
ago.  For books I have read the most times, that would probably be _LOTR_
and _1984_.

**Movie**: Top movies are probably: 

- もののけ姫 (Mononoke Hime)
- About a Boy
- Empire Strikes Back

**TV Show**: *Firefly*.  Lately I have been watching *House*.  *Hell's
Kitchen* is my guilty pleasure.

**Video Game**: *Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past*.  Followed closely
by *Final Fantasy 1*.

**Food**: Gyūdon topped with kimchi and a cabbage salad with sesame seed
dressing. I could eat that everyday.

**Place to go on vacation**: Place I have been: Kyōto. Place I have yet to
visit: [The Hebrides][1].

**Blog post that I've written previously**: [Harry Potter is an idiot][2].

**Blog to read of someone I know**: I am looking through my folder of
"Personal blogs" and I see that well over half of them don't have any
activity for the last 6 months.  I think I need to find some new blogging
friends!  One of the more recent additions to my list is my friend Ani's
[blog][3].  She posts some nice pictures on occasion.

**Blog to read of someone I don't know**: I am not much of a blog stalker
anymore, so this one is a bit tough.  I guess just giving my favorite
non-tech related blog will have to do: [Salt & Fat][4].

**Tech blog**: [Daring Fireball][5]. No contest.

**Any other favorite things that I would like to share**:

- Favorite person: Mariam
- Favorite junk food: Chocolate milkshake
- Favorite cologne: Dolce and Gabbana Light Blue
- Favorite season: Fall
- Favorite board game: Axis and Allies

Looking at this list, I realize now how boring of a person I have become.

[1]: http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/2010/01/hebrides/richardson-photography
[2]: {{< relref "1124303940.md" >}}
[3]: http://thecotyledon.wordpress.com
[4]: http://saltandfat.com/
[5]: http://daringfireball.net/
