---
archive:
- 2007-08
categories:
- blog
date: '2007-08-10T14:40:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2007/08/10/staying-organized.html
- /wp/2007/08/10/staying-organized/
- /2007/08/10/staying-organized/
- /blog/92
slug: '1186756800'
tags:
- nerdiness
title: staying organized
---

i've been trying hard to get myself more organized. i am failing. pretty
miserably.

being a computer geek, i thought that technology of course was the answer.
i got a program called iGTD, widely proclaimed around the mac blogging
community to be the best task/organizing software in existence. it just
didn't work for me.

i've tried lots of things in the past. physical planner books. PDAs (man
i could go for some of that). etc. etc.

right now i just have a little program called xpad. it opens in one second
after a click. i can write in whatever it is that i think of, and then it
autosaves when i close it. not a bad deal. i have quite a few things in
there right now. a wishlist of stuff i want (i already got to check one
off! i ordered a new pair of headphones from amazon today!). a list of
bands and a list of movies i want to check out. to dos for school, work,
and personal things. it seems to do ok, but i worry about the inability it
has to help me keep track of deadlines. i need something that will remind
me when i need to do something by. there has to be a better method. any
ideas?

i also decided i needed to start writing in a journal. so i got myself
a program called journaler. seems to work really nice. i wonder if i will
use it at the expense of this blog.

definitely ate too much tonight at macaroni grill. for as much as i love
to eat, it amazes me how wimpy my digestive stomach really is. hurray for
staying up till 3 am with an upset tummy.

