---
archive:
- 2007-08
categories:
- blog
date: '2007-08-31T05:18:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2007/08/31/gross-food.html
- /wp/2007/08/31/gross-food/
- /2007/08/31/gross-food/
- /blog/94
slug: '1188537480'
tags:
- personal
title: gross food
---

i went out to Wingers restaurant today at the Provo Towne Center mall. it
was to please a friend who claimed it was a great restaurant. here is my
review:

gross. i mean, i really don't like places like Chili's. their food is
generic, boring, and usually greasy. rarely am i happy with my experience
there. but Wingers was about 10x worse. the waitress took about ten
minutes to first get to our table, despite the place being quite empty.
then she brought us out buttered popcorn. what???? who serves buttered
popcorn as an appetizer? anyway, i figured we should give their wings
a shot, since it is called Wingers. they were entirely uninspiring. the
sauce, Winger's Amazing Original sauce, was too sweet and not spicy
enough. probably a 6/10 compared with other wings i've had. then their
menu: it looked very unprofessional and unappetizing. the color scheme was
just kind of gross (white background with black highlights on the top),
and the pictures of food were just not very good. their menu was filled
with things like chicken and rice or chicken and pasta dishes. if i wanted
pasta, i would go italian. if i wanted rice, i would go asian. i ended up
with the "famous" Wingers burger. bland bland bland. again, it had their
Super Amazing Really Sweet Original sauce on it, which really added
nothing. the fries were not real. i finished the burger and left most of
the fries, completely unsatisfied. my friend's dishes didn't look all that
good either.

overall, i would give wingers a 2/10. at least nothing was rotten.

maybe that would mean more if i were to give more restaurant reviews.
well, just for comparison sake, i give Red Robin (which is right across
from Wingers at the mall) a 6/10 in the franchise burger place category.
they have some unique and decently tasty burgers when one is in the mood,
and the fries are actually not bad. and definitely no buttered popcorn.

i would give 10/10 to a ramen shop i ate at in sapporo, a hole in the wall
sushi shop i ate in last time i was in san francisco, and a vegetarian
restaurant called the Cheese Factory back home in wisconsin.

