---
archive:
- 2007-01
categories:
- blog
date: '2007-01-29T22:39:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2007/01/29/testimony-and-false-expectations.html
- /wp/2007/01/29/testimony-and-false-expectations/
- /2007/01/29/testimony-and-false-expectations/
- /blog/53
slug: '1170110340'
tags:
- personal
title: testimony and false expectations
---

this is a serious blog, so only read if you feel up for it.

i recently read this cartoon (*WARNING* anti-mormon material... i don't
highly recommend it for some):

http://www.chick.com/reading/tracts/0061/0061_01.asp

i laughed. great stuff. i loved the line about shipping the missionary off
to timbuktu. did jack chick's attempts to attack my religion phase me? not
really. there wasn't anything in there i hadn't heard before, besides the
supposed jupiter talisman joseph had on at carthage. so, joseph, much like
a great man early 19th century americans, had interest in the occult.
following his own teachings, he tried to find and assimilate truth from
all religions and beliefs. neat.

but it's pretty hard for me to give much credibilty to anyone who treats
things like The Seer and the early editions of Mormon Doctrine as church
doctrine (i believe some of orson pratt's beliefs were officially
denounced by the brigham young's first presidency, and the church leaders
had bruce r. mcconkie take out some of the more opinionated things in
mormon doctrine because it appeared too authoritative). just as an
example, bruce r. mcconkie said in general conference that everything he
had said about the priesthood ban was incorrect and should be viewed as
such.

i think the main point of this blog is to discuss my feelings about true
testimony in the gospel of Jesus Christ. i am currently reading bushman's
amazing "Joseph Smith, Rough Stone Rolling". i am only just beginning, but
already, my belief that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, but also an
extremely imperfect human, with his vices and incorrect opinions (much
like any biblical prophet... jonah anyone?), has been strengthened. i feel
that the people who have difficulty in keeping their testimony of the
gospel because of historical issues struggle because of false
expectations. why does it matter that joseph smith only translated the
missing 116 pages of the book of mormon with the urim and thummin, with
the rest done with the seer stone? it doesn't, the tools of translation
were not important, because as Joseph emphasized for the rest of his life
when he was asked, it was by the power of God. a lot of critics blame the
church for white washing the history. but in reality, to interested
parties, the information is there (and is becoming more and more
available, for example, the joseph smith papers project). the church gives
a basic, quick outline of the history, focusing more upon the doctrinal
teachings and faith building stories. why would they do this? well,
because as a church, they are more interested in helping people gain
salvation by understanding needed doctrines and by building their faith.
i have no issue with that. but i do have an issue when members incorrectly
assume that anything outside of the quick history is harmful or wrong.
don't be afraid of history. if you aren't interested, thats fine. but if
you find out something that seems strange or different from what you
thought about the history before, please don't let it hurt your testimony.
and why should something like joseph's plural marriages not affect your
testimony? here is why:

"And now, my sons, remember, remember that it is upon the rock of our
Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of God, that ye must build your
foundation; that when the devil shall send forth his mighty winds, yea,
his shafts in the whirlwind, yea, when all his hail and his mighty storm
shall beat upon you, it shall have no power over you to drag you down to
the gulf of misery and endless wo, because of the rock upon which ye are
built, which is a sure foundation, a foundation whereon if men build they
cannot fall." -Helaman 5:12

build your foundation on Christ. don't have false expectations. let the
critics kick against the pricks. if you are interested, learn your
history. i highly recommend Rough Stone Rolling to anyone who wants to
learn more about the early history of the Mormon church, and about the
amazing man that is Joseph Smith.

