---
archive: [2008-01]
date: '2008-01-02T07:38:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/01/02/happy-new-year.html, /wp/2008/01/02/happy-new-year/,
  /2008/01/02/happy-new-year/, /blog/136]
slug: '1199259480'
tags: [personal]
title: happy new year
---

goodbye 2007. hello 2008. it will be a year of changes, i can feel it.

i made some [resolutions][1] last year. how did i do?

- "be a nice guy again."

i think i did at least a decent job. see [this][2]. i will keep working on
this.

- "straight A's."

huh.. well. not quite. but i am happy with my grades still.

- "bring sexy back."

indisputable.

- "less procrastinating."

sigh... i will get around to it.

- "find a hobby."

i think i did pretty decently. at least i feel like i was much more
involved this year that i have been in the past. i felt like i spent a lot
more time out of the apartment for things other than school.

- "fall in love."

[done][3].

- "have someone to kiss next news year eve."

oh wow. no comment. *puke*

ok, so i did decently. i mean, not perfect, but i would say this year,
post winter semester went a lot better. plus this was kind of an exciting
year. i:

- had a speaking part in a musical
- went to japan
- became a teaching assistant
- secured an internship at intel and did all the prep for that
- made a lot of new friends
- went on quite a few dates with some awesome girls
- was vindicated in my love for cho chang on multiple occasions

good times. this year appears to be building up for just as much
excitement. i leave wisconsin tomorrow for sunny california to give myself
a few days before i start the internship. i need to buy a car.
unfortunately, i can't move into the apartment (that i hope i have.. still
no confirmed contract) until the 7th, the same day i start at intel, so
thats fun. lots of adventures.

anyway, i guess i had better make some resolutions.


- make everything i can out of this internship. learn a ton, experience
  a ton, make a ton, and enjoy a ton.
- be more friendly and outgoing. i am moving to a new city and state
  where i know no one. i really want to make some good friends.
- get in good shape. i have been away from the weight room for over
  a month now with sickness, finals, etc., and i can feel it. time to get
  back.
- stop being afraid to fall in love. who knows if it will happen or not,
  but i at least want to allow myself to have it happen.

i like them. i think this year holds a lot of promise. i suppose those who
read this blog might get a pretty negative view of my life at times, since
i usually only blog when i am upset about something. but my life is good
and i need to be grateful. thanks to all of you friends and family out
there who read this that have helped me this last year, and i look forward
to spending another great year with you all.

[1]: {{< relref "1167667620.md" >}}
[2]: {{< relref "1192600260.md" >}}
[3]: {{< relref "1170696540.md" >}}

