---
archive: [2008-01]
date: '2008-01-22T07:21:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/01/22/it-needs-to-be-said-for-posteritys-sake.html, /wp/2008/01/22/it-needs-to-be-said-for-posteritys-sake/,
  /2008/01/22/it-needs-to-be-said-for-posteritys-sake/, /blog/141]
slug: '1200986460'
tags: [personal]
title: it needs to be said for posterity's sake
---

ok, so, i need to get this story down for historical value.

i got sick on christmas. at least sort of. my tonsils starting getting
sore. aside from that, i felt fine. just sore tonsils. so i let it slide
and played with my friends over break anyway. it was good. but they were
still sore as i got on the airplane to fly to san francisco. but i figured
i would have a nice day of sleeping on the plane and a few days of rest in
the warmth for me to fully recover. i had even bought the $30 seat upgrade
for the airplane so i could be comfortable. well, i had the pleasure of
sitting next to a very large man. i am sure he is a great person, but he
took up about 1/3 of my seat in addition to his own. so, i had to lean out
into the aisle. which meant that every time i started dozing off, someone
would run into my shoulder. so much for getting rest on the plane. in
fact, i felt terrible by the time i made it to my grandparents. that
evening i couldn't sleep i was in so much pain. the next day was spent
lying in bed and going to the doctors instead of buying a car like i had
wanted to. i got a prescription, and by the time i got to the drug store
i was pretty delirious with pain. they put me through some run around with
not being able to put the medication on my insurance, blah blah and lets
just say i was not happy nor all with it. finally got my medicine and felt
about 100x better after an hour of slamming my tonsils with anti-biotics.
i felt good enough to go out and buy a car the next day and take care of
everything, but my tonsils stayed really swollen. when your tonsils get
that big, its hard to swallow, so stuff kept going up into my nose.
i would need a tissue every time i drunk a glass of water because so much
would come out my nose. and i sounded like i had the weirdest voice in the
world. it kind of sucked even though i wasn't in the all the pain i had
been in before.

then comes sunday morning. i woke up still feeling a bit nasty, which was
making me nervous since work started the next day. grandma had me stay in
bed instead of going to church, so i slept a few more hours. when i woke
up, i felt a little better. by now, my left tonsil had shrunk, but the
right one was still very large. my mom called, and as i was talking to her
i started tasting something weird in the back of my mouth. if you are
queasy, skip to the next paragraph. i told my mom i thought my tonsil
might be leaking, so she told me to go gargle some salt water and
hopefully clear it out. so i did just that. and i started spitting out
some of the craziest gunk ever. it was a mix of blood, pus, and mucus. big
green globs surrounded by yellow and red spit. all of this coming out of
my tonsil. i gargled salt water and spit that junk out for around 20 or
some minutes.

when i was done, my tonsil was almost completely shrunk down to normal
size, and i was in absolutely no pain. i no longer felt feverish or
anything. it was quite a relief. so, that is the story of my christmas
break sickness.

