---
archive: [2008-01]
date: '2008-01-25T11:49:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/01/25/takin-care-of-business.html, /wp/2008/01/25/takin-care-of-business/,
  /2008/01/25/takin-care-of-business/, /blog/143]
slug: '1201261740'
tags: [nerdiness]
title: takin care of business
---

i got my second "kudo" today at work. it basically means i did a good job
at something, so i get to print off a little certificate, take it to
a manager, and pick up a $25 gift certificate for a store of my choice.
not a bad deal. i think i am going to save up a few to buy an LCD monitor.
i want one.

at work i have been studying google's new mobile phone operating system,
android. i am going to give a presentation on it to the software technical
marketing engineering group on wednesday. google hasn't released the
source code to it yet, so its can basically only be run on google's
supplied emulator. a couple of people have hacked it to get it working on
some hardware... i am actually thinking about picking up a sharp zaurus
off of ebay to give it a shot. the binaries running on the emulator were
compiled for an ARM5 architecture, which is whats inside a zaurus. but
what i would really like is to get my hands on the source code, which may
very well be possible since intel is part of the open handset alliance,
meaning they are part of this whole android project. then i could play
around with putting it on some of the x86 hardware i'm working with. the
possibility is slim, but it would be pretty sweet. of course if it does,
none of you would probably be hearing about since i would need to probably
sign some crazy NDAs or whatever. so yeah, wish me luck.

i think i might get paid tomorrow. that would certainly be a happy thing.
let's cross our fingers.

