+++
archive = ["2006-11"]
date = "2006-11-26T08:40:00"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1164530400"
title = "stuff, UH! what is it good for? absolutely nothin'!"
+++

spent the weekend in san francisco. i love the town. amazing atmosphere.
soooo. mannnny. goooood. plaaaaces. tooo. eaaaaaaaaattttt!!!. we ate sushi
at this hole in the wall chinese fish market. best tasting sushi i have
had in years. and i found melon pan in little tokyo!!!

anyway.

molecularbond and i went downtown on wednesday because she needed
something to wear to go to dinner with her boyfriend's parents. it was the
day before thanksgiving and everything was still rather packed. we went to
urban outfitters and h&m. at both places i looked around, thinking there
might be something i like. and yeah, there were some pretty cool things.
i had a stocking cap and gloves in hand at h&m and i was slowly making my
way to the line. suddenly, i stopped, turned around, and put the things
back. every object in the store suddenly seemed very undesireable. i just
didn't feel the need to buy anything.

the same thing happened on friday. i have been saying awhile that as part
of embracing my geekiness, i was going to buy a Nintendo DS lite and play
it in public without caring what people though. I had it in hand while
standing at Circuit City. but once again, i turned around and said
i didn't want it.

i don't need stuff. i don't know, i guess that is as simply as i can put
it. i don't want to just buy things for the sake of buying them. i should
not get a high off of buying something. our consumerist society has
conditioned us to do that though. and it sucks.

having what we need and also some luxuries is fine i think. but shouldn't
associations and experiences be what we remember most? instead of buying
things this weekend, i went out on a walk with my sister. i played with my
grandparent's dog. i ate so much good food! i know those things made me
happier than a new sweater.

i guess i shouldn't be talking too much, as i write this on my Apple
laptop while wearing my hollister shirt, guess jeans, and diesel shoes...
but i do hope i remember this feeling the next time i think about buying
something i really don't need. money can be so much better spent than on
filling our lives with objects.

black friday is idiotic. it will be my goal to never go out shopping on
that day. my grandparents did take me to the mall on friday because they
wanted to look for a gift for my great grandma. i went along to spend time
with them. anyway, we met my aunt and uncle, both laden with shopping
bags, who had been out since 5 am. i love them both, but man, it just
seemed a bit sad.

and how about the stories of people fighting, pushing, shoving to get
deals? there are only a few ideas that are truly worth fighting for, and
extremely few things worth any such confrontations. i hope that i will
never be angry at someone getting the last 60% off blender before me.
i was incredulous when i read a quote in a NYT arcticle about friday.
a woman at walmart said about one of the on-sale tvs something along the
lines of "i have no idea if the tv is good or not, but i saw others
getting it and that it was on sale, so i got it too." sad.

if you bought stuff on friday, thats fine. but next time, try to think if
you really needed that thing or not.

