---
archive:
- 2008-06
categories:
- blog
date: '2008-06-10T01:15:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2008/06/10/saving-gas-and-money.html
- /wp/2008/06/10/saving-gas-and-money/
- /2008/06/10/saving-gas-and-money/
- /blog/195
slug: '1213060500'
tags:
- personal
title: saving gas and money...
---

pretty typical that as soon as i get myself a car and have a need to get
back and forth to work, gas prices would shoot right up. *grumble
grumble*...

some things i've been trying to do to save on gas and money:

- when i drive 65 mph on the interstate, my car is at 2500 rpm, and when
  i go 70 mph, my car is at 3000 rpm. i am not a mechanical engineer, so
  i don't at what rate gas is burned in a four cylinder engine per rpm,
  but i do know the motion = energy = fuel = money and 3000 rpm is more
  motion than 2500 rpm. people might be annoyed with me going 65 on the
  interstate, but its saving me money.

- i have spent a good deal of my life learning how to handle being
  uncomfortable (distance running, full-time missionary, etc). i can
  handle no air conditioning in my car. windows are down when i am on
  surface roads, fan is on when i am on the interstate. 

- i will never let my gas tank get empty. in fact, it would be better if
  i never let it drop below 3/4 full. gas keeps jumping up on price. the
  more i can keep my gas full of yesterday's cheaper gas, the less i have
  to spend on today's more expensive gas.

a lot of these things do have time costs, but since i am paid hourly, its
hard to monetize my off work time. i am relatively free of commitments, so
a five minute longer drive home and a three minute fill up at the gas
station seem like they are worth the money savings.

