+++
archive = ["2006-06"]
date = "2006-06-13T05:09:00"
slug = "1150175340"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "new."
+++

time for a new blog, cuz that last one was totally lame. what was
i thinking, seriously?

i like pudding on the rice. it reminds me of the milk bar in a clockwork
orange, minus the naked women statues. rice pudding is now my new love.
i masticate whenever i eat some.

provo is boring during the summer. not because there isn't plenty to do,
but i think most of the stupid people went home. while i was fixing
a computer in the museum of art the other day some lady said "how can
anyone believe you can be a democrat and a mormon?" i guess that was
pretty entertaining.

i hate natural responses of RLC circuits.

my dad told me to get married yesterday.

i got the 10th friend request from some girl asking me to come chat with
her on her freewebcams.com website this week yesterday. tempting, but no.

i really see no need to go to class in the morning, but i probably will
out of some sick sense of responsibility. life. what a f\*cked up thing we
do.

someone pooped in the hot tub today.

i really am having to hold myself back from buying a new MacBook. they
look very sexy. i haven't had a chance to stop up in the bookstore yet to
play with one, but i am sure i will love it anyway.

sometimes i wonder if i could pick up more women if i was black. i am not
being racist here, but i seriously think black men are much smoother than
i could ever be. i will look into it.

apparently old LDS movies are the in thing at indie film shows in San
Francisco. my sister saw one at a gay bar the other night, and the dude
said he was going to start showing more. man, i love the trophy case. such
a classic. "it looks like a marlboro commercial!"

