---
archive:
- 2007-09
categories:
- blog
date: '2007-09-04T09:18:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2007/09/04/things-i-am-interested-in-9307.html
- /wp/2007/09/04/things-i-am-interested-in-9307/
- /2007/09/04/things-i-am-interested-in-9307/
- /blog/98
slug: '1188897480'
tags:
- links
title: things i am interested in - 9/3/07
---

i've decided i will start posting links to articles i am interested in and
making short commentary on them. it seems like a lazy way to make more
posts, but whatever.

microsoft manipulating the ISO standardization process:

http://www.consortiuminfo.org/standardsblog/article.php?story=20070903110826712

its sad how powerful big corporations are getting these days. what ever
happened to competing by ones merits instead of by force? i hope this
straightens itself out. i will admit, most of my documents are in .doc
format, but that's because no one has made a ODF capable word processor
for the mac that doesn't run freaking slow on my ibook (i would lose years
of my life waiting for neooffice to open up everytime i needed to write
something). i wish apple would have done the right thing and made pages
ODF compatible.

man arrested for standing up for his rights:

[http://newsite.michaelrighi.com/2007/09/01/arrested-at-circuit-city/][1]

this is just messed up. one thing that bugs me about many byu students is
they start extending the principle of obedience to God to absolute
obedience to any and all authority figures. that's just not right. the
government is a servant of the people. police officers serve us, citizens.
we have inalienable rights, and no one can take that from us. one thing
that frustrated me with the whole cheney fiasco was when people would say
"he is the vice president, we need to respect him." no, we don't. if he is
not fulfilling his duty as a servant to the citizens of this country, he
deserves no respect in that position. sorry, that was kind of a tangent to
the original article, but i that's what i thought about.

[1]: https://web.archive.org/web/20090204005304/http://newsite.michaelrighi.com/2007/09/01/arrested-at-circuit-city/
