---
archive:
- 2007-09
categories:
- blog
date: '2007-09-26T00:31:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2007/09/26/broccoli-gives-me-stinky-burps.html
- /wp/2007/09/26/broccoli-gives-me-stinky-burps/
- /2007/09/26/broccoli-gives-me-stinky-burps/
- /blog/107
slug: '1190766660'
tags:
- personal
title: broccoli gives me stinky burps
---

despite my recent troubles with [a lack of] females, things are going
pretty well. lest someone think i am just doom and gloom, here is whats
up:

- classes are not that bad. i am enjoying most of them, and i am not
  feeling stressed at all, even with midterms coming up. bio 100 is
  a joke. i am not going to lecture tomorrow.

- i am eating better. i decided that eating out needs to stop making up
  the majority of my meals. so, i eat large breakfasts, pack my lunch, and
  eat something yummy for dinner. today i made scrambled eggs (it was
  supposed to be an omelet, but that failed) with onions, broccoli,
  tomatoes, green and red peppers, cheese, and turkey sausage. it was
  excellent. now for lunches, instead of having chips and cookies as
  a side, i have fresh vegetables (thus the stinky broccoli burps) and
  a piece of fruit. sunday i made some lentil stew.

- i am running again. lifting is good, but i needed to start doing
  something aerobic also. i've lost the weight that i gained in japan, and
  with the better eating, i am building muscle quite decently also. i feel
  good, and heck, i think i am even starting to look pretty decent.

- i am getting involved. this week, i have something planned for every
  night. sunday was game night, yesterday was FHE, today i just got done
  with a tau beta pi meeting, and now i am going to hang out with leslie,
  tomorrow night is programming night with the roommates (we are setting
  aside a night a week to devote solely to working on non-school
  programming projects), thursday is an opening social for one of my
  various honors societies, friday night i am going to a choral showcase
  thingy (basically because there is a girl in it that i am interested
  in), and saturday is a stake activity at a ranch in the mountains (there
  will be horses!!!!). so, yeah, getting involved is fun stuff.

so, yes, things are going well. if i only there was a hot babe to go along
with it all. that would be SO SWEET!! 58008!

