---
archive: [2008-11]
date: '2008-11-11T05:18:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/11/11/post-election-depression.html, /wp/2008/11/11/post-election-depression/,
  /2008/11/11/post-election-depression/, /blog/244]
slug: '1226380680'
tags: [personal]
title: post election depression
---

{{< youtube_nocookie c3_95F5e-Ac >}}

thanks natalie for the video.

well, obama won. a lot of you know that i have been an on-again off-again
supporter of him, but as the election drew closer, i really felt like he
was the right choice. there have been things i have disagreed with him on,
and i am sure there will be in the future. but i think between the choices
of the two candidates, he had the best chance of reversing the terrible
things that have occurred during the bush era.

on election night i went to the byu democrats party to watch the results
until obama's acceptance speech. it was all pretty fun. lots of whooping
and cheering at each blue state, lots of booing and jeering at each red
state. as soon as the west coast polls closed and CNN called it for obama,
we all decided to run around campus doing a victory lap. it was fun
running through the wilk chanting "yes we can!" and having everyone stare.
then we decided to do a silent march through the library. the information
commons was packed (perhaps with republicans who knew it was going to be
a loss? :P) so we had quite a crowd. someone pointed me to [this
picture][1] (yes, that is me).

here is what i hope to see from an obama presidency:

- a quick and well planned end to the iraq war
- a quick and well planned regaining of control of afghanistan as part of
  a coalition of allies
- an end to any and all uses of torture as an interrogation technique
- a push for higher environmental standards
- a push for a rebuilding of the national infrastructure
- an end to the bush era politics of fear mongering and war profiteering

i cheered the loudest last tuesday night when the byu democrats president
announced to us all that the bush era was now over. i highly doubt obama
will be able to do even a small percentage of the things he promised
(which is both good and bad), but for the mere fact that the bush era has
ended, i believe this is a great step forward for our country.

[1]: http://www.onelowerlight.com/photos/index.php?showimage=679&rating=5

