---
archive: [2008-11]
date: '2008-11-14T04:19:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/11/14/sundry-happenings.html, /wp/2008/11/14/sundry-happenings/,
  /2008/11/14/sundry-happenings/, /blog/249]
slug: '1226636340'
tags: [personal]
title: sundry happenings
---

i was really tired today. i didn't get to sleep until 3 am or so.
a mixture of huge projects and various other external circumstances
i suppose. i slept until 7 and skipped my shower and breakfast. there was
a rather large (about the size of a 50-cent piece) spider sitting on the
hallway wall right outside my room. that was kind of startling to wake up
to.

the worst part of the whole thing was that i didn't even have my 7:30 am
class this morning, it was just a worthless meeting with my group for
a project we are starting. we talked for 15 minutes. so i went down to
find a place to nap in the computer science TA lab. no one else was there,
so i turned off all the lights and snuggled down on the little couch. but
the really terrible thing about insomnia is that even when you are dead
tired, you just can't sleep. after an hour, another TA came in and turn on
all the lights. i finally was able to slip into a short restless 20 minute
nap before i had to get to work.

speaking of work, its been pretty busy lately. we have had to go through
the student's project code and put in errors. deliberately breaking is
definitely not as easy at one would think. it wear you down a bit,
especially 8 hours of it. anyway, thankfully we finished that all up
yesterday, but today we started evaluating the student's code for quality.
this wasn't quite as tough, but just plain tedious. once again, 8 hours
worth and i was fried.

then i came over to the engineering lab to finish up a project with my
partner. that went pretty quick, which was good, because it gave me
a chance to run home, shower, grab some dinner, and catch the office. i am
pretty much amazed at how ironic the whole jim and pam thing is.

my mom sent me a birthday gift certificate i got from tucanos, the all you
can eat brazilian bbq place (don't ask me why they sent it to wisconsin).
i think this is a hint for me that i am supposed to take a date. i don't
relish the awkwardness of asking a girl on one. but the new positive,
smarter ryan is going to handle it. i already have an idea of who to ask,
and already i got a few ideas for double dates in the near future.
i really want to go rock climbing again. that was a really fun date last
time i went (despite my camera getting ripped off) and i think it could
work well for me again. wish me luck, dear reader.

