---
archive:
- 2016-06
date: '2016-06-29T07:57:57'
slug: '1467187077'
title: Colophon
---

Classic blunder: write a post on a long neglected blog about committing to
post more... 

Like I said, the lack of the "perfect" blogging system played a big role
in my dearth of writing...

The inability for me to "own" my content on Tumblr made me uncomfortable.
Every time I log in there I am forced to look at a timeline of stuff I just
don't care about. So, I needed something new.

But one of the fundamental aspects of Tumblr appeals to me: a "tumblelog"
of mixed media types. I want options to post one off images, essays,
links, etc., with custom templates for a given type.

I also want a static blog, mostly for simplicity of maintenance and choice
of tools (e.g. git and vim). But for some reason almost every static blog
generator has one big assumption: every post needs a title. Not really
compatible with tumblelogging!

So, I've essentially hacked together a solution of some Python scripts and
[Hugo][1]. Hugo has the nice functionality of different post types so
I can still have my tumblelog. It claims that titles are required metadata
but my custom theme seems to work fine without them. I've given every post
a UTC timestamp as the slug so that gives me a nice URL space. I'm
considering migrating all of my tweets over here as well.

For hosting I am still using [NearlyFreeSpeech][2] for super cheap Apache
hosting (~$20 a year). It works fine for now though it isn't exactly
snappy. I think I will eventually move over to S3 but it will be a bit of
a hassle translating my `mod_rewrite` rules to their proprietary system.
All URL paths going back to my cpanra.org days should correctly redirect
to the new timestamp paths, though if anyone on the internet has ever
linked to this blog, no search engine knows about it...

I'm writing these posts in vim, but I still need to tweak my configuration
a bit. I'm using [VimPencil][3] for it's handy writing utilities but it
doesn't play nicely with Hugo's front matter. I think I need to define
a new syntax region in the vim Markdown settings to convince VimPencil not
to expect Markdown...

[1]: https://gohugo.io/
[2]: https://www.nearlyfreespeech.net/
[3]: https://github.com/reedes/vim-pencil

