+++
archive = ["2008-01"]
date = "2008-01-22T06:50:00"
slug = "1200984600"
tags = ["nerdiness"]
title = "my name is jonas"
+++

just got back from a dope partay. i was totally shredding on guitar hero
3 and looking like a total nerd in front of everyone else. hurray for
being awkward in any and all social situations.

i like the weather here. since a lot of you who read this are still
enjoying your time back in utah, i promise this is the last time i will
mention the weather until winter is over. then i might start complaining
about it being too hot, and we can commiserate together. anyway, i opened
the windows on saturday afternoon to let the breeze in. yes, i opened the
windows on martin luther king jr. weekend. i remember last year spending
my day sitting in a hospital waiting room while latenighthunter recovered
from puking his brains out all night. it was hella cold out. like single
effing digits cold. and here i am with my windows open. word.

i'm meeting people. its a good thing. i'm still not quite past the awkward
stage. perhaps thats a good thing?

work is going well. a new intern just showed up today, so i am no longer
the new kid. which i think is good; i just need to get out of that
mindset. i am still in the mode that i am so worried about messing
something up that i either ask a question that i already know the answer
to or i screw up because i am too nervous. blah. so much for good first
impressions and such. obviously not a strong point. but i am starting to
get the swing of things. and as long i can stay awake during meetings
(whoops), i think i will learn _a lot_.

i think i get paid friday. that will be a happy thing. no more life of
poverty and what not. i really want to buy a cool suit.

goodbye to tangerine from the board. if it wasn't for your stalking,
i probably would have never gotten involved as much as i did. namasté.

enough for tonight? ok.

