+++
archive = ["2008-01"]
date = "2008-01-30T08:24:00"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1201681440"
title = "\"i confess, i'm just a boy\""
+++

hello everyone from rainy sacramento. things are business as usual around
here. new town, new faces, but everything else is pretty much the same.
i'm still the same old silly boy you have all grown to know and love.
don't worry folks, i'm on track for keeping this blog fresh and exciting
for the long haul.

work is going fine. i need to take more initiative on my own to push
myself to learn new things. my ambitions and my drive aren't quite matched
up yet, and the fact that i never get enough sleep during the night is
probably the #1 contributing factor. how does one fit all the things
he/she wants to do in a single day?? i always have such high ambitions in
the morning (at least after i have gotten out of the shower and feel
somewhat alert). i'm gonna work hard all day, go to the gym, make and eat
a healthy dinner, read a ton, program a ton, and get to bed by 10:30. hah.

i've made a few really cool friends, but i am afraid that the above
mentioned me being a silly boy thing might have set me back a few steps in
that area. does it mean i will miss out on a lot of cool opportunities?
yeah, probably, but i suppose i need to learn my lessons. feel a bit like
i am back to square one on the social scene, but i've been here before.
one of my new years resolutions was to be more outgoing and social, so
i will continue to do my best do that. wish me luck.

well, i think i had better shut up now for all of our sakes.

