+++
archive = ["2006-12"]
date = "2006-12-16T02:16:00"
slug = "1166235360"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "crushes"
aliases = ["/archive/2006/12/16/crushes.html", "/wp/2006/12/16/crushes/", "/2006/12/16/crushes/", "/blog/35"]
+++

seriously, crushes are the dumbest things in the world. what makes
a person have such an irrational attraction to someone they barely even
know??

here is a journal entry i wrote many months ago back:

> "On to the subject that of course has been heavy on my mind lately, and
> that is girls. The girl I really want to meet and talk to just doesn't
> really seem all that interested I'm afraid. Like, I'm pretty sure there
> is no way she can not know that I am interested in getting to know her
> after all the times that I have gone up to talk to her, and especially
> after I [edited because it gives things away too much]. But even then,
> she seems to just spurn me by not even acknowledging my existence. So
> that is sort of a bummer as you can guess... Everyone keeps telling me
> to just go big and talk to this girl that I want to meet so bad, even if
> to just get rejected. And I know that is what I should do, but it's
> freaking tough! I mean, she actually happens to standing about 20 feet
> from me right now, and it would be completely easy to go up to her and
> ask her on a date or something silly like that, but I just can't bring
> myself to do it. Maybe it is because the thought that maybe just maybe
> I had a chance but never took it is a lot easier to handle than the fact
> that I took the chance and got shot down trying. I suppose it just comes
> down to be afraid of rejection, or embarrassment, which isn't new to me.
> I did learn how to stop a Japanese business man on the street and ask
> him if he was interested in hearing about the Gospel, but for some
> reason I just can't get myself to walk up to a really beautiful girl and
> ask her if she wants to go on a date with me. How horrible is that?
> I feel like such a loser for it."

dumb. dumb. dumb. yeah, in the end, i did ask her on a date and it went
fine. all of the building up was completely in my mind, and i doubt she
even realized half of what was going on in my head. if i think a girl is
cute, i should ask her out. plain and simple. no building things up, no
worrying about rejection (honestly ryan... there has not been a single
girl that has completely rejected you for the first date since you have
been here). i think part of my problem comes from not having a good idea
of what to do for a date. i am not very creative, i lack reliable
transportation, and most of my closest friends are in committed
relationships, making group things a bit awkward.

what the hell am i talking about anyway?

