+++
archive = ["2008-09"]
date = "2008-09-09T18:31:00"
slug = "1220985060"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "recap #1: work"
+++

ok, so i am back in the swing of school now. i bet a lot of you are
wondering what the butt happened to me for the past few weeks. its been
pretty wild and crazy, so i will try to fill in the details over a few
posts.

at work, i got a couple of new projects. i started working with the
software engineers to see what doing some software dev was like. i was
helping implement hardware texture and lighting in the windows xp driver.
i will be honest, i don't think i contributed much. i found out a lot
about direct 3d and general 3d graphics processing. i also learned a bit
about driver dev and testing. i did check in some code into the driver
repo... who knows if it will ever make it out to customers or not. but it
was a good experience nevertheless. given a few months of that, i think
i could really enjoy it.

i also was working on writing some documentation and then helping out with
the usual testing, debugging, etc. i stayed busy.

the last week was all pretty whirlwind it seemed. we had a few last
lunches with the team and with the interns. i did a lot of talking with
huy about grad school, working, etc. i still have a ton to think about.

i gave my exit presentation on the friday before i left, which honestly
made it a bit tough to go one for another week. but i think it was a good
recap, just to look at everything i had done. here are a few highlights:

i quoted some of my blogs, in particular [this][1] and [this][2]. the
question i asked at the beginning of my presentation was whether
i achieved those goals or not.

i said that while there were of course some things i disliked, i thing
i learned from everything. i did a ton of really cool projects. things
like:

- encoded hd videos for an atom demo at a conference.
- researched and gave a training on google's android.
- became a content expert on the CUI SDK. i wrote a sample app for
  switching displays, helped a customer write an app for blanking
  displays, and debugged a bunch of other CUI SDK apps.
- modified the intel installer framework to install our media codecs
- helped give a moblin training
- setup a method for distributing linux codecs through shell archives
- did a ton of testing and benchmarking
- helped with japanese translation on customer machines
- etc

my point was that i definitely learned a ton and experienced a ton during
those 8 months.

and the perks were great too. a bunch of free dinners with customers at
some nice places (i never did blog about the $950 dinner, did i?), free
drinks, and in the last week they started giving out free fruit which
i made sure to take advantage of. i've talked about kudos quite a bit, and
i am embarrassed to say how many i have gotten.. i wonder if i need to
declare those on my taxes?

i pointed out what i thought were my weaknesses too. i still do too much
waiting around for people telling me what to do (this is the part of me
that is still an undergraduate student). and when i am having trouble,
i needed to be better at going out to find the answer, even if it means
talking to someone i don't really know very well. i think these are things
i will improve on with time.

my exit interview was on thursday afternoon. i had it with the manager two
levels above me, so it was a bit daunting, but he gave me lots of praise
in addition to the review my manager had written for me. i was ranked as
an outstanding intern, which i felt pretty happy about. i think thats
definitely something that will help me in my future job search.

after that, i finished cleaning out my desk (i brought home a bag of
various pieces of swag), wiped my laptop, turned in my id badge, and was
walked out of the building. the end of my 8 months as an intel employee.

this was a good experience for me. i am really really grateful i had it,
and i know its definitely going to help me later on in life.

[1]: {{< relref "1199237880.md" >}}
[2]: {{< relref "1200984600.md" >}}

