+++
archive = ["2008-09"]
date = "2008-09-25T22:48:00"
slug = "1222382880"
tags = ["blog"]
title = "drafts"
aliases = ["/archive/2008/09/25/drafts.html", "/wp/2008/09/25/drafts/", "/2008/09/25/drafts/", "/blog/235"]
+++

i have a couple of draft posts sitting here, and they are never going to
be completed so i figured i would go ahead an post what was already there:

08/03/22 8:25 PM - i need a wingman

i went to a YSA activity last night. they had a coulple of local bands
playing.. the first band was decent, the other two got progressively
worse.. not my taste i guess. i was talking to a girl from my ward about
me and women and she pointed out smething I've known for a long time:
i need a wingman.

08/03/25 12:44 PM - its time to be more adventurous

i really need to just be less responsible. don't get me wrong, it is
important to be responsible about many things in life. but sometimes
i think i have such a big sense of responsibility that its stifling.
i have to analyze every decision before i make it, and i usually end up
just making the simple easy one.

08/05/19 12:46 PM - patriotism

we went to a church fireside tonight. the topic was patriotism. the man
speaking shared the story of his son who had died in combat in iraq less
than a year ago.

08/05/27 11:41 PM - crappy night

got invited then uninvited to dinner, so i went running and took a shower
and then planned...

08/06/23 7:13 PM - the terrorist boogeyman

[i wrote this last one after just reading a quick summary that obama had
taken all mention of net neutrality off of his website. it turns out this
wasn't true, hence i never posted this.]

08/09/22 6:23 AM - dear barack obama

now that you have changed your technology stances (one of the things that
i most respected and supported you on), i will no longer wear the campaign
pin that g bought me at the fair. to me, this is proof that you really are
not about change, but are more about giving in to the wants of the media
and entertainment industries. it makes me sad.

