+++
archive = ["2008-10"]
date = "2008-10-13T00:00:00"
slug = "1223856000"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "five years ago"
aliases = ["/archive/2008/10/13/five-years-ago.html", "/wp/2008/10/13/five-years-ago/", "/2008/10/13/five-years-ago/", "/blog/236"]
+++

so, i've been a bit blah lately. mostly having to do with being in a very
one sided relationship with the computer labs on campus. they take up all
of my time without really giving much back.... nevertheless, i am alive
and healthy, so i should be grateful. i was doing some transcribing of my
mission journal (yes, this project has been going on for four years and
i am not even half way through....) and i came across this passage which
really made me feel a lot better to read again (especially the steve
jobs-like "boom"). though its personal, i think its worth sharing in case
it has a positive effect on any of my readers.

> 03.10.10 [Friday]
Well, it was a good day. This morning we housed. Same as usual really.
Though people seemed not to be home more than usual. Sheesh. We ate lunch,
then went to service, which ended up not happening, since Ma-kun was
feeling a bit sick. So we streeted for awhile, then we went to visit
Kozasa kyoudai. He got a severe burn on his hand and foot at work, so he
is in the hospital. We went there and found him. He was happy to see us so
talked for awhile, gave him some bananas (his favorite food), and prayed
with him. Then he walked using a little rolling stand to lean on with all
the way to the front entrance and waved for a really long time with a big
smile on his face. It felt good to see him so genki after our visit (he is
usually a very shy + quiet person). Then we took dinner, after which we
had our lesson with Kaori. Amazing lesson! The Yamazaki's jointed and
helped us out a ton. Kaori has been keeping her commitments, which has
made all the difference in the world. We spent about 20 minutes just
talking about how the Book of Mormon has affected our lives. Kaori said
when she read and prayed her day seemed so much better and work was a lot
more fun. She knew that there was something good in the book. Then she
said she though it would be nice if she could get the Gift of the Holy
Ghost. Boom. During this whole time while she was testifying (without
knowing it), the Spirit was very very thick in the room. All of us went
around the room testifying of the BoM, and the Spirit continued. I just
felt like the baptismal yotei was a done deal and from then on it was just
formalities. So we quickly ran through the lesson, making sure she
understood the first principles and ordinances of the Gospel, and
answering her questions. It felt completely like a no pressure situation
since the Spirit had already said it was a done deal, so the lesson was
very relaxed and easy. Everyone got a big crack out of Elder Thompson
forgetting step 3, baptism. Sheesh. Anyway, we got through the principles,
asked her if baptism was important which she thought it was, then we asked
her if she would receive it. She asked if she was qualified and we said we
would help her to be, so then she said yes! We set the date for November
9th (my birthday which I didn't mention) and we told her to start praying
daily about it. I think things are going to go well. She already has good
relationships with the members and she is very excited. She got off work
this Sunday so she could come to General Conference. I hope she has
a spiritual time. The biggest problem I see is her work since she works at
a grocery store which busiest hours are Sunday mornings, but we will work
things out! Woohoo, the first yotei I've seen! Se it really does happen!
The lesson last night made us feel like a very small part of this whole
work. It is really in God's hands. Tuesday we fretted and worried and
prayed trying to get ready for the lesson and things fell through, but
today we really didn't worry about it. And when we went in and the Spirit
was strong at the beginning, it wasn't about how well we taught or
anything like that. It was all Heavenly Father who got her ready for the
challenge. We merely took care of the formalities. It was great!

