+++
archive = ["2008-10"]
date = "2008-10-16T23:37:00"
slug = "1224200220"
tags = ["blog"]
title = "who i am part 1"
aliases = ["/archive/2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-1.html", "/wp/2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-1/", "/2008/10/16/who-i-am-part-1/", "/blog/237"]
+++

well, i'm giving up the "anonymous" thing. i did it mostly because i was
part of the[ byu 100 hour board][1] culture. the [first posts][2] on this
blog were in response to some of the 100 hour board writers (though if you
look now you will see i have consolidated other blogs into this one, so
there are older posts), so it just seemed natural that i would take on an
anonymous persona like the writers. over time i've kind of moved away from
the whole board thing. it was fun, and a lot of my friends now are from
those associations, but i think its time that i take a new step with the
blog. really, most of the people reading this already know who i am, but
for any of you who don't, here we go. my name is ryan johnson. i am going
to post a series of blogs that i wrote back in january 2006 about myself
(but never actually posted anywhere). some things have changed, some
things haven't. i hope you enjoy.

part 1

well, i guess i just feel like writing down a bit about who i am. i know
only a small handful of people will ever read this, and most of it you
probably know all ready, but here it goes.

my name is ryan allan johnson. i have no idea where the name comes from,
but ryan does mean "little king", so i am pretty proud of that. i was born
in baraboo wisconsin and i'm currently 22 years old. i was raised there
until the age of 18. we have lived in the same house since i was 1 year
old. i finished my secondary education in may of 2002, and in october of
2002, i entered the missionary training center of the church of jesus
christ of latter-day saints in provo utah to study japanese and prepare to
be a missionary in japan. i served there for two years, and returned home
to the united states in november of 2004. i started my undergraduate work
at brigham young university in januray of 2005, and i so far i have
completed two semesters and one term. i have gone from electrical
engineering to physics and finally to computer engineering as my major,
and i am planning to minor in japanese.

i have never struggled academically. i acheived straight A's up through
high school, with the exception of a B in english my junior year. i was
ranked 5th in my class at graduation. of the four AP tests i took,
i scored three 5's and one 4 (my high school didn't provide too many
opportunities for AP tests...). in my early years, at least from the
writings i have from the time, it appears i hated math with a passion, but
during high school it became one of my favorite subjects. i also greatly
enjoyed computer programming classes. after completely all of the
available computer classes by my sophomore year, i did one year of
independant study, then one year of university level classes at the local
university of wisconsin campus. i also enjoyed science, except for
biology, which i thought sucked pretty hard. english became my most hated
class, as i do not enjoy writing essays (yet here i am typing away...).
i had the exact same english teacher for 5 semesters in high school (he
taught the advanced courses which i was dumb enough to take), so i started
to really dislike the guy, even though in hindsight, he was pretty nice.
if it weren't for english, i could have gotten a higher final ranking.
before i came to school, i was awarded the heritage scholarship, which is
an 8 semester full-tuition scholarship. i am really grateful that
i haven't had to worry as much about financial stuff because of it.
i really have no money saved at all... the classes i have enjoyed the most
have been my principles of physics courses, my elementary linear algebra
course, and my weight lifting course (even though I got a B in it because
of silly grading policies). next semester, i am taking 16 credits. i am
taking an advanced java programming, differential equations, a third
principles of physics course (electromagnetism, etc), japanese literature,
and honors american government and history (the honors version of american
heritage for you BYU kids..). i think it should be a lot of fun.

[1]: http://theboard.byu.edu
[2]: {{< relref "1167126540.md" >}}

