+++
archive = ["2008-10"]
date = "2008-10-16T23:55:00"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1224201300"
title = "who i am part 3"
+++

part 3

hmm. so, now that you got through the boring stuff...hehe.

i haven't done a ton of dating in my life, but i've hung out with a couple
of girls. i wasn't very popular in high school when it came to dating.
i was friends with quite a few girls, but it always just stayed at that.
all together, i have had only 3 official girlfriends. my first crush was
in 4th grade. i have never had good luck with dances. once, i had a girl
tell me the day before the dance that she no longer wanted to go with me
(it might have had something to do with me riding around on the cross
country float in the homecoming parade with my pants around my ankles,
sitting on a toilet). once, i had a girl go to the dance with me, but she
wouldn't slow dance at all. once i had a girl say she would go with me,
but then that same day tell me over the internet she was going with “a
group of friends.“ and when i took my girlfriend to two different
dances, we got in fights at both and i think broke up afterwards both
times. also, i can't dance worth crap. on my mission, i learned a lot
about love, so i think i have loved lots of people over the years, but
i think i have really LOVED two times. and i have had my heart broken two
times. i tend to put my heart too much into relationships, and it usually
means i get burned because of it. i am a sucker for dark haired, dark
eyed, and dark skinned girls. lately, asian girls (and some latino) seem
to fill that bill quite nicely. but, i'm not the most attractive guy in
the world, so even if i can charm a girl (haha) into a date with me, it is
hard to keep her interested. i am much to emotional and clingy in
relationships. and i get jealous easily. i am a very sensitive person, and
i rely greatly on touch communication. i don't have any feelings of
superiority to women. for that reason, i try always to be respectful and
adoring, unless a girl really hurts my feelings, then sometimes i turn
into a jerk (which i always feelreally bad about). if i fall in love with
a girl, i am loyal to her to a fault, even if she treats me like trash. if
i was rich, i would buy the woman i am in love with probably way to much
stuff. my current relationships status is unknown.

i enjoy art, though usually i don't get it. i am lazy a lot. i have never
had alcohol nor smoked tobacco, and i never have been tempted to.
politically, i am still figuring myself out, but i am pretty sure i am
pretty liberal. i base most of my political ideas off of my religious
beliefs as a Christian (yeah, i know, liberal christian..how crazy),
because i think that Jesus' teachings were about the individual, not about
big corporations. i am religious. i follow the tenets of the LDS religion.
i do believe it to be a good and true system. as an intellectual, i have
done a decent amount of studying into this church's history and critics
attacks of our beliefs. i have found things that have concerned me and
raised questions, but nothing that would compel me to lose my testimony.
though hardly a great mormon, i have gained enough and see enough good
possibility in keeping my beliefs that i plan to stick with them. i was
not a great missionary. i saw only one baptism, and she later went
inactive. but i tried to work hard and do my best. sometimes, i hear from
a member or a missionary who replaced me, and i get the feeling that i did
contribute at least something small to help out God's children.

