---
archive: [2008-10]
date: '2008-10-28T06:05:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/10/28/drop-out-the-so-unknown-an-exercise-in-absurdity.html,
  /wp/2008/10/28/drop-out-the-so-unknown-an-exercise-in-absurdity/, /2008/10/28/drop-out-the-so-unknown-an-exercise-in-absurdity/,
  /blog/241]
slug: '1225173900'
tags: [personal]
title: rop Out - The So Unknown" - an exercise in absurdi
---

let's do this thing.

1. Put Your iTunes on Shuffle.
2. For each question, press the next button to get your answer.
3. You must write down the name of the song no matter how silly it sounds!
4. Put any comments in brackets after the song name.

If someone says, "Is this okay?" You say?

"Morning Glory" by Oasis

[sure]

How would you describe yourself?

"The Best of Me" by The Starting Line

What do you like in a guy/girl?

"Nothings Gonna Change My Clothes" by They Might Be Giants

[this made me laugh a lot]

How do you feel today?

"Living Life" by Ben Kweller

[true. true.]

What is your life's purpose?

"Firestarter" by Jimmy Eat World

[cool?]

What is your motto?

"Saddest Girl Story" by The Starting Line

[yeah, for a good bit of my life, that was true]

What do your friends think of you?

"Smile Like You Mean It" by The Killers

[i guess people think i am disingenuous??]

What do you think of your parents?

"Te Deum Guarani" by Ennio Morricone

[what the...]

What do you think about very often?

"Linger" by The Cranberries

[once again, sadly true for a long time]

What is 2 + 2?

"The Curse of Curve" by Cute Is What We Aim For

[i don't get how this question could ever make sense]

What do you think of your best friend?

"Over Thinking" by Relient K

[pretty much]

What do you think of the person you like?

"Devotion" by Weezer

[how cute]

What is your life story?

"The End of the Tour" by They Might Be Giants

[huh... kind of depressing...]

What do you want to be when you grow up?

"Suicide Blonde" by Jack's Mannequin

[bahahahaha, hope not...]

What do you think of when you see the person you like?

"The District Sleeps Tonight" by The Postal Service

[don't get it]

What will you dance to at your wedding?

"Campfire Kansas" by The Get Up Kids

[i guess that would be fun?]

What will they play at your funeral?

"Bleed American" by Jimmy Eat World

["i'm not crazy cuz i take the right pills everyday".... huh]

What is your hobby/interest?

"Teenage Victory Song" by Weezer

[fight!]

What is your biggest fear?

"Ten" by Jimmy Eat World

\[if it wasn't so late i bet i could actually get something out of the
song's [lyrics][1]\]

What is your biggest secret?

"James K. Polk" by They Might Be Giants

[i have always had a secret love for mid 19th century US politics...]

What do you think of your friends?
"I Put the 'Metro' in Metronome" by Cute Is What We Aim For
[possibly ironic]

What will you post this as?
"Drop Out - The So Unknown" by Jack's Mannequin

[1]: http://www.sing365.com/music/lyric.nsf/Ten-lyrics-Jimmy-Eat-World/1C3A7AD11A94ED1448256BA30018B50D

