---
archive: [2008-12]
date: '2008-12-21T10:50:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/12/21/snow.html, /wp/2008/12/21/snow/, /2008/12/21/snow/,
  /blog/263]
slug: '1229856600'
tags: [personal]
title: snow.
---

hello from snowy wisconsin. i thought there was too much snow in utah
before i left, but i should have been grateful... there are a few drifts
almost half way up my thigh in the backyard.

a quick recap of the week: finals. blah. they were pretty lame as
expected, but i think i did well. i am pretty sure it will be all A's and
A-'s. also grad school apps. blah. i am trying not to think about them.
makes me way too nervous.

i did manage to have some fun though. wednesday night mariam and i went up
to slc to check out the christmas lights on temple square. well, actually
first we stopped by the gateway so i could return something and mariam
could find a gift for her roommate. it was freaking cold. and it got
freakingly colder as the night went on. like the foolish people we are we
walked over to main street and got some dinner. by the time we were done
it was 9:30 and it was freakingly colder yet! but since we had come for
the lights, we decided to brave the cold and still go see them. it was
worth it, they were really nice.

![christmas lights][1]

this is the only picture that turned out normal. this was right before
mariam started swimming around in the reflection pool, which the security
guards apparently frown upon. i told her so. its too bad that my camera
sucks though since it was all really nice.

i flew home yesterday, and the wonderful weather only made me two hours
late. that actually surprised me though after i stood in line for an hour
only to find out it was for naught and then sprinting down the entire
length of the denver international airport. today was just a relax day,
though i did take care of a few christmas gifts.

i've been thinking about something: if someone told me they loved me for
who i am, i would tell them they are insane. i hear that a lot though: "oh
its so great that he loves me for who i am." really, i would much rather
be loved for who i can become and for my efforts in becoming that person
than for who i am right now. and i tend love people in that way too, which
i suppose can make me seem a bit harsh at times. i guess i just see a lot
of potential in people and i find there is nothing more disappointing in
this world than not living up to one's potential (me often being the
biggest disappointment in this department). just a bit of ryan's daily
wisdom for you.

[1]: 1.jpg

