---
archive:
- 2009-04
categories:
- blog
date: '2009-04-21T00:11:20'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2009/04/20/zuihitsu-the-narrow-road-to-the-deep-north.html
- /wp/2009/04/20/zuihitsu-the-narrow-road-to-the-deep-north/
- /2009/04/20/zuihitsu-the-narrow-road-to-the-deep-north/
- /blog/293
slug: '1240272680'
tags:
- personal
title: the narrow road to the deep north
---

this is my zuihitsu responding to [matsuo bashō][1]'s _the narrow road to
the deep north_ (_[oku no hosomichi][2]_, 奥の細道). it was written as an
assignment for my early-modern japanese literature course at brigham young
university. 

As an engineer, I tend to see things in terms of processes, parameters,
and systems. To me, a frog jumping in a pond is an input to a system with
an output of waves with a certain period, amplitude, etc.(1) Yet for some
reason I found myself fascinated by _Oku no Hosomichi_. The engineer in me
has looked at all the other texts I've read so far for this course and has
coldly analyzed their subjects, their cultural and societal environments,
etc. _Oku no Hosomichi_ actually evoked some emotions in me (something
terribly dangerous for an engineer I should point out). Perhaps it’s
because I have also stood looking out over the fields at Hiraizumi and
thought about its ancient past or because I have also hiked along the
paths of Nikkou Mountain. But I have also wandered through the Gion
district of Kyoto, and I certainly did not feel the same way when I read
Life of a Sensuous Man. I want to talk about the reasons I think Oku no
Hosomichi meant something to me.

We talked about Bashō’s “hyōhaku no omoi” in class and I think I have felt
a similar "wanderlust". I am not trained in ancient Japanese literature,
so my comparison can only go so far, but I think I have felt and do feel
some of the same things he felt. Bashō felt a pull to the North. It wasn’t
just a journey in search of the ancients. It was a journey in search of
the same things the ancients sought. The big question is what was it that
the ancients sought in the North. I think there is something romantic
about the North. I was raised in Wisconsin, so to me, south was Chicago
and civilization and north was Canada and the wild. As a child I loved
staring at maps for hours (it helped me win my school’s geography bee
multiple times), especially maps of northern countries. I always wondered
what the frigid coasts of Siberia and Greenland must be like. Even now
I catch myself using Google Earth to zoom in on small islands in the
Bering straight just to see what’s there. I’ve seriously considered on
multiple occasions taking off to work on a salmon boat in Alaska. The
North’s distance from civilization and remoteness, its ruggedness and raw
natures all give it this romantic appeal. I can’t see why it would not
have had the same romance to the ancient Japanese people. Each step
towards the North was one away from Kyoto and civilization and one step
nearer the frontier, the Ainu, the unconquered.

But attributing my feelings to the “romance” of the North is certainly too
shallow of an understanding. _Oku no Hosomichi_ is not a story of grand
discovery of new places. Bashō wrote about the people he met along the
way, his feelings when seeing both famous and non-famous places, and just
small events and observations. If he had been merely seeking the ancients,
he would have stuck to the same famous historical locations and paths, and
he would have given them the same meaning as the ancients had. Yet he
sought out new places and new meanings. I’ve felt that desire during my
travels. Over Martin Luther King Jr. weekend, [my friends and I went to
Zion National Park][3] on a road trip. The scenery was beautiful and we
took plenty of pictures. But the most interesting part of the trip for me
was pulling off the interstate at Parowan to grab breakfast at the Parowan
Cafe. The town fascinated me. After breakfast I insisted we wander around
a bit to look at the old churches and buildings along the main road.
I wondered what type of people lived there and what the people who first
lived there were like. To most people driving to St. George or Las Vegas,
Parowan is a blip on the radar, but to me it was a place full of mystery
and interest. I think Bashō felt the same way about some of the places he
went. He saw the places the ancients saw, but he also saw the places they
passed by, and he assigned a meaning to both.

I suppose it’s impossible to talk about _Oku no Hosomichi_ without
touching upon the haikai verses spread throughout. The engineer in me says
poetry is typically something that I fail to grasp. My most accomplished
poetry was a set of “haiku” about the characters in One Flew Over the
Cuckoo’s Nest. Obviously I didn’t quite understand the point of haiku at
the time. But after experiencing and studying Japanese culture for the
past seven years, I think the meanings of these poems are beginning to
become more clear to me. Bashō could take the scenes he saw and imbue them
with new meaning and depth in only 17 syllables. This is what made him
great, and honestly I feel a little jealous of his skill. All I could come
up while staring at the Hikaridō was “that’s pretty cool looking” and then
I snapped a few pictures. I wish I could found some hidden depth in the
scene in front of me.

After I finished reading _Oku no Hosomichi_, I posted the following
[message][4] on Twitter: 

> new life goal: backpack the same trail that bashou took in oku no
> hosomichi.

What I liked so much about this reading was that it helped me realize that
it was exactly what I wanted to do. My romance with the “North”, my
interest in places off of the beaten path, and my desire to find deeper
meanings in my experiences seemed to me to be some of the same things that
Bashō was feeling. I suppose I could say, as cheesy as this sounds, that
this story of a journey brought out the desire inside of this cold,
analytical engineer to be a “poet”. Someday I really do hope to backpack
the same path as Bashō. I probably will forgo the haikai poems (I only
need to dig up some of those haiku about Big Nurse to show why), but
I hope to be able to find the same things that Bashō did.

(1) bashō's most famous haiku: 

> furu ike ya / kawazu tobikomu / mizu no oto  

(an ancient pond / a frog jumps in / the splash of water)

[1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matsuo_Bashō
[2]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oku_no_Hosomichi
[3]: {{< relref "1232508555.md" >}}
[4]: http://twitter.com/bismark/statuses/1156113320

