---
archive: [2009-04]
date: '2009-04-26T17:53:26'
old_paths: [/archive/2009/04/26/the-theory-of-farting.html, /wp/2009/04/26/the-theory-of-farting/,
  /2009/04/26/the-theory-of-farting/, /blog/294]
slug: '1240768406'
tags: [personal]
title: the theory of farting
---

this is my zuihitsu responding to [hiraga gennai][1]'s _the theory of
farting_. it was written as an assignment for my early-modern japanese
literature course at brigham young university. 

Gennai’s _The Theory of Farting_ cracked me up. I read it while sitting at
work in the lab, and everyone must have thought I was a little crazy, all
red faced and gasping for breaths. If Gennai’s goal was to get his
audience to laugh out loud at the things he was writing, he certainly was
successful with me. For some reason my oldest sister and I have joked
about similar bodily functions for most of my life. This exasperated our
mother to no end when the topic was brought up at the dinner table. Even
now we are constantly sending somewhat crude jokes and experiences to each
other over email. I really have no idea why we find these things funny.
It’s a perfectly normal bodily function that everyone experiences. It’s as
normal as swallowing or blinking our eyes. Why in the world then has
flatulence become a humorous topic that transcends time and cultures? I’m
not sure if I have an answer for that.

But Gennai wasn’t just going for “slapstick” style comedy. I think part of
what makes _The Theory of Farting_ so hilarious is how he treated the
topic with such seriousness. Lines, delivered in sincere, somber ways,
like “Heavens and earth thunder; humans fart,” are amazing in the way the
mix both poetry and humor (I suppose one could say it’s “a mixture of art
and fart”...). I feel that the true genius of Gennai’s work is how it’s
really about itself. In Japanese Literature class, we had a very
interesting discussion about censorship when we talked about Modern-style
Lousy Sermons in class. One thing I wanted to say, but didn’t, was the
importance of who decides what is quality and of artistic value.
I [posted][2] after class, 

> government censorship of the media: we can't trust them with our money
> but we can with our morals?

Certainly a very similar discussion might occur with a discussion of _The
Theory of Farting_ in class, in particular concerning the samurai’s
response to the farting man’s show. The samurai feels that such an act is
disgraceful and insulting to real artists. The same thing was and is
probably said by many who read _The Theory of Farting_ itself. Gennai has
written a pseudo serious piece about a crude topic in which a crude topic
is treated pseudo seriously. He is directly satirizing the people who will
be upset at his satire. This makes _The Theory of Farting_ both extremely
comical and spot on satire.

I would like to return to the subject of media censorship for a moment.
One of the most interesting examples of censorship, at least in LDS
culture, was the editing of the film _Saving Private Ryan_ for the Varsity
Theater here on campus. My parents, active members of the LDS faith, own
the full unedited version of this film despite its R rating. We have at
times viewed the film as a family and discussed its message. These have
probably some of greatest experiences for me that influenced my feelings
on war and violence. Many scenes in the film are difficult to watch even
today in our desensitized world. I feel like the movie holds deep meaning,
and my parents feel that since it is “[of good report or
praiseworthy][3],” it is something they should own. Would the movie have
the same meaning without the scenes of extreme violence and warfare? Sure,
it has some excellent themes of patriotism and honor, but a whole aspect
of the film would be lost without the depictions of the horror of war. An
edited version of the film would contain just a fraction of the depth. I’m
glad the edited version of the film was not shown, and I plan to someday
sit down with my children once they are mature enough to hopefully help
them have the same experience as I.

_The Theory of Farting_ touches on this exact topic. It makes the reader
ask if there is possibly any value in a man farting on stage just like we
could ask if there is any value in showing extreme violence on the big
screen. One difficult question is what kind of violence is of value? The
narrator talks about how farting is certainly a base subject, but how the
farting man has turned it into an art form to full of meaning. Can
anything be turned into a meaningful work of art? In my opinion, _Saving
Private Ryan_ turned violence into art, but perhaps thats just because
I agreed with the meaning I saw: violence and war are terrible things and
should be avoided at all costs. Could someone find a movie glorifying
violence also to be a work of art? I think that attempting to censor
_Saving Private Ryan_ is a bad idea because it ruins the message, but in
a way I am just like the samurai in the story. He talked about how plays
and literature should only teach good morals, which is kind similar to how
I would never agree that something like a Quentin Tarantino film should
ever be shown at the Varsity Theater. I’ve seen a number of Tarantino
films and while I can certainly see some interesting themes and even
artistic value, it seems like in many of them the language, violence, and
sexuality are gratuitous. The piece of literature that I am laughing at is
in many ways making fun of me.

Another level to this discussion: can a work that treats a subject lightly
or comically be of the same worth as one that treats a topic somberly?
Today in class South Park was brought up. My sister (unsurprisingly) is
a huge fan of the series so I’ve watched a number of episodes with her.
Many times it’s crude and vile, yet it’s one of the sharpest commentaries
on society in existence. A favorite episode of mine is about the online
game _World of Warcraft_. It’s hilariously funny and shows the real
stupidity behind addictions to these sorts of video games. Should I show
this to my children to teach them this lesson just like I want to show
them _Saving Private Ryan_? On a more related topic, should we be reading
a story about farting just to learn a lesson about morals and art? These
are questions without black and white answers, and I’m grateful for that.
It makes life much more interesting, and often times gives me a lot to
laugh about.

[1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hiraga_Gennai
[2]: {{< relref "1235760479.md" >}}
[3]: http://scriptures.lds.org/a_of_f/1#13

