+++
archive = ["2008-03"]
date = "2008-03-03T08:08:00"
slug = "1204531680"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "things i should have done this weekend:"
+++

- gotten groceries to end my three weeks of empty shelves.
- gone to the post office to mail some important documents.
- bought some new socks to replace all the ones with holes.
- done some laundry.
- gone to the gym so that i would have gone more than once last week.
- not eaten so many red vines.

sigh, san francisco was nice though. picked up some shirts at h&m and
martin+osa. bought a monitor from molecularbond, so that is nice to have.
it was a bit windy, but the ocean and golden gate park were beautiful.
i stopped by amoeba music and picked up a few cds for cheap. i also went
to the [nancy boy][1] store. ok, ok, hold up people. i know what you are
thinking. nancy boy? san francisco? just bear with me. don't worry ladies,
i am still definitely in to you. a lot of people have been recommending
the nancy boy shaving cream, so i figured i would give it a shot. the
shampoo and conditioner also came highly recommended, so i tried that out
too. all of the products have been great, so i decided to stop by the
store and pick up some more stuff. i got bigger bottles of the
shampoo/conditioner, then i picked up a cucumber after shave. they threw
in some facial cleanser as a free gift. its quality stuff. i just got done
with a nice shave using some [geo f. trumper][2] (btw, i ordered a sample
pack from them.. got here pretty fast considering it was from london)
coconut shaving cream and i finished it off with the cucumber after shave.
a nice relaxing way to end the day and the weekend.

this should be a good week. i am excited for tuesday's primaries. please
everyone in ohio and texas, make the right decision and vote for the man
who will reunite this country. i am also pumped for the apple town hall
meeting on thursday morning. what will the iphone sdk have in store for
us? how about a 3g phone?? i jumped ship over to at&t a few weeks ago in
prep for when i will be picking one up. im sorry, but windows mobile just
blows to use. save me soon apple!

ok, off to bed!

[1]: http://www.nancyboy.com/home.php
[2]: http://www.trumpers.com/

