+++
archive = ["2008-03"]
date = "2008-03-08T01:42:00"
tags = ["nerdiness"]
slug = "1204940520"
title = "should i buy an iphone?"
+++

ok, i really want one. bad. i am not a cell phone "power user", so i can't
really see myself fully utilizing something like a nokia n95, but i want
something with internet access for email, browsing, and maps. also my 4th
gen black and white ipod's screen is starting to go, so i could use a new
media player (the addition of video playback would be nice).

here are some pros to getting an iphone:

1. its sexy. i love apple products. every time i meet a friend with an
   iphone i will just sit and play with it incessantly.

2. windows mobile blows. i have a samsung blackjack right now. it is
   a pain to use. it has an ugly and unintuitive interface and slow
   loading apps. internet explorer mobile is worse than its desktop
   counterpart. and of course there is no good free way to sync it with my
   mac. i need to spend $40 on the missing sync.

3. i'm already on at&t and i am paying the exact same amount now as
   i would be if i switched over to an iphone plan. no changes there.

4. as mentioned above, its not only a phone, its also an internet device
   (to feed my email and browsing addictions) and a media player (which
   automatically syncs with the app that i keep my media collection in,
   itunes).

5. apple just released the beta sdk. there are going to be some sweet apps
   coming in june.

ok, so i would say these are some pretty compelling reasons. now for the
cons.

1. 3G. let me repeat that again. 3G. the iphone does not yet have it.
   despite the suckiness of the blackjack, websites do load dang fast on
   it. i don't know if i could handle dial-up speeds on my phone.

2. iphone 2.0. this is directly related to con #1, since we all know that
   iphone 2.0 will have 3G and probably more. the biggest issue is when
   this will come out. some people speculate june. if thats the case, then
   my best bet is to wait. i would not buy the missing sync (since i would
   only use it for a little while anyway), and i would not purchase
   a micro-sd card for my blackjack. other speculation says sometime
   before christmas. this is a little tougher. i would really need to
   weigh in my above pros with the $500 i would be throwing down. if
   iphone 2.0 is going to be next summer, then yes, i would want to get an
   iphone now. it would definitely be worth it for me. but since i have no
   way of knowing when it will be, i am stuck.

so do i: a) buy an iphone now, b) hold off a bit without purchasing any
accessories for the blackjack, c) put the iphone on indefinite hold, pick
up the missing sync, some headphones, and a micro-sd card for the
blackjack.

these are my options. any help would be appreciated. so far, dragon lady
votes i get it, and the BC votes i hold off. this is my thing to think
about this weekend.

