+++
archive = ["2009-06"]
date = "2009-06-26T02:17:24"
tags = ["blog"]
slug = "1245982644"
title = "some new old posts!"
+++

as i was working on deleting my old myspace account, i came across a few
old blog posts that for some reason got left behind in the three blog
transitions i have done (myspace -> facebook -> blogger -> wordpress). i'm
glad i snagged them before i cancelled the account forever. for some
reason i love reading these old posts, remembering how different i was
just 3 years ago. if you are i interested, check them out:

april 15, 2006 - [i'm a song writer!][1]

contains my english translation of a japanese pop classic.

april 17, 2006 - [things i don't like today][2]

a short interesting look into the end of my sophomore year at byu.

april 17, 2006 - [things we have learned from today][3]

here i talk about realizing how stupid it was for me to go posting
something on a public forum that i shouldn't have. it was about someone
i knew, and it turns out people on that forum knew that person too.
lessons learned.. the rest is just some random stream of consciousness. at
the end i mention "girl musings" which i believe are other blog posts that
are lost forever (see the large gap in posts in between january and
april..).

april 30, 2006 - [baraboo is no longer my home.][4]

this was written while at home in between winter semester and spring term.
the last sentence ("now i just have to finish up my undergraduate degree
so i can get out of utah once and for all.") makes me smile...

april 30, 2006 - [i don't feel like sleeping yet..so another web log!][5]

this is a rather angsty post about me not liking old high school
acquaintances who still lived near baraboo. no idea what prompted it, but
it is ironic that i am moving back to wisconsin... also, this is notable
for the mention of the domed utopia.

may 16, 2006 - [protests over the da vinci code][6]

one of my occasional social/political/religious commentaries.

[1]: {{< relref "1145108092.md" >}}
[2]: {{< relref "1145278825.md" >}}
[3]: {{< relref "1145316620.md" >}}
[4]: {{< relref "1146429412.md" >}}
[5]: {{< relref "1146429686.md" >}}
[6]: {{< relref "1147794166.md" >}}

