---
archive: [2007-10]
date: '2007-10-28T20:23:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2007/10/28/clarifying-yet-unsatisfying.html, /wp/2007/10/28/clarifying-yet-unsatisfying/,
  /2007/10/28/clarifying-yet-unsatisfying/, /blog/123]
slug: '1193602980'
tags: [personal]
title: clarifying, yet unsatisfying.
---

well, i received an apology today for [this][1]. apparently thats what she
was [calling][2] me about. she told me she hoped i didn't think she was
rude for not telling me she had a boyfriend, and that because it was long
distance, she thought it was alright if she accepted one date. i thought
of a number of things i could have said, but i'm glad i didn't to her
face. they were:

you having a boyfriend was not the rude part, the way that you handled the
situation (having your roommates drop that tidbit in a rather conspicuous
fashion and then you telling me that you had forgotten about the date
anyway) was the rude part. if you had told me right when i asked that you
had a boyfriend, i would have not held any sore feelings. it is not
insulting to me to tell me that another guy had already been attracted to
the same things i was attracted to and he had just gotten there first.
i can respect that. but don't make it into childish games.

i won't find it rude that you have a boyfriend if you don't find it rude
that i am not interested in taking out taken girls, even just for "fun".
my time and money are both finite resources. i have to choose carefully on
who i spend them on. if i ask you out on a date, then i am interested in
you and a possible relationship between us. i have a severe dislike for
the provo shotgun dating paradigm of just going on dates with anyone to
fill up your weekends. if i am not interested in a relationship, then we
can hang out and be friends. but if i am going to put myself out on the
line and invest the time, money, and emotions into taking you out, its
because from what i have seen so far, you are attractive to me, and i want
to spend time getting to know you to see if that attraction continues.
thanks but no thanks for the trite invitation to still do it another time.

[1]: {{< relref "1192414080.md" >}}
[2]: {{< relref "1192825920.md" >}}

