+++
tags = ["personal"]
title = "California"
slug = "1275885767"
date = "2010-06-07T04:42:47"
archive = ["2010-06"]
aliases = ["/post/671983489", "/post/671983489/california"]
+++

So, finally I am starting to get caught up with the present.

Mariam and I are here in San Francisco.  It took us a week to find a place
to stay, so we crashed at Grandma and Grandpa's out in Concord.  But now
we have a really nice little apartment to ourselves near Balboa Park
station with only about a 30 minute commute on the bus for me to work.

Work has been going well: I am working on a still secret project here at
Zynga, though I suppose in the end very few people will ever know about it
since it is all backend stuff.  I've taught myself PHP pretty quickly,
though I keep running into a few gotchas here and there (like paths in
require statements are relative to the current directory you are executing
from instead of where the script is located.. huh).  I'm learning a lot
and the environment is MUCH different than Intel.  The free food is great
and this Tuesday I am getting a (much needed) free haircut from the
company's stylist.

Mariam has been staying busy getting us settled in, though I am worried
she is getting a bit bored.. We are still looking for stuff for her to do
during the summer to stay active.

The last two weekends have been great: On Memorial Day we took a trip down
to Santa Cruz with Amy Jo and Charlie.  The weather was *perfect* walking
along the ocean and Charlie gave us a little tour of his old stomping
grounds.  Yesterday Mariam and I walked around downtown, eating good food,
looking for a dress and some running shoes for her.

The weather here is great (Mariam thinks it's cold), which helps a lot.
I feel like I am finally starting to catch back up with life (thus taking
a couple hours to catch up on blogging), so now I am just looking forward
to the rest of this summer in this awesome city with my awesome wife.
