+++
aliases = ["/post/672028039", "/post/672028039/hobbies"]
archive = ["2010-06"]
date = "2010-06-07T04:59:46"
slug = "1275886786"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "Hobbies"
+++

I've been thinking a lot this week about what I would do if I was
independently rich and I never had to work.  I decided that my free time
ought to be spent doing those things instead of wasting my time watching
t.v. or something.  My list is topped by:

- Traveling and exploring the world with Mariam
- Eating and learning how to cook awesome food
- Doing service projects like Habitat for Humanity, soup kitchens, etc.
- Programming
- Learning how to make pixel art
- Blogging

Sounds like the perfect life to me.

Traveling obviously has to wait awhile for financial reasons, but Mariam
and I are planning to make the best of our time here in San Francisco
exploring.

The cooking thing is something I've felt inspired to do by
[saltandfat.com][1].  I've decided to take charge of one meal each weekend
to try my hand at making something simple and tasty.

Doing service is something Mariam and I both believe strongly in.  Now
that our lives have started to settle a bit I hope we can start finding
things to do a couple times a month to help out.  We both have noticed the
extreme need apparent just here in the city so we know there is plenty
that needs to be done.  I hope to report back soon with results.

Because of work, I am not sure how much independent programming I can
really do, but I have been coming up with ideas on how to improve
Battleball (hopefully to the point of getting it in the App Store) and
a few other new projects.  I will have to recheck my contract to see how
much I can actually do this summer.

I dunno why I have started feeling an interest in pixel art, though
following the development of two iPhone games, [Mimeo][2] and [The
Incident][3] probably has helped. You may remember my [first attempt][4]
here.. I hope to share a few new pieces with you all before the end of the
summer.

Finally, blogging.  Yes, I know I have left this blog in a *very* derelict
state for the last few months, but I hope to change that.  I was actually
inspired by [Tangerine][5] returning from her mission and picking up
blogging again.  It reminds me of the good old days of blogging about
daily life at BYU.  I would like to get back to that.

Ok, I think that's enough blog posts for tonight.

[1]: http://saltandfat.com/
[2]: http://blog.mimeoverse.com/
[3]: http://theincidentapp.com/
[4]: {{< relref "1266804416.md" >}}
[5]: http://byutangerine.blogspot.com/
