+++
tags = ["nerdiness"]
title = "Social Networks"
slug = "1278086110"
date = "2010-07-02T15:55:10"
archive = ["2010-07"]
+++

Earlier this week the tech blogs started buzzing about the rumored
existence of a Facebook competitor made by Google called "Google Me".
Everyone started speculating about whether it could beat Facebook or not,
how would it be different than Buzz, Orkut, etc etc.

Without any way to see into the future, it's really impossible to say what
kind of "success" such a product will have.  However, while thinking about
the possibility of a major competitor to Facebook, I furthered realized
just how broken the "social networking" industry is.

### You Don't Own Yourself ###

Log into Facebook and take a look at all the information about you
contained within your account.  Your profile page.  Your list of friends.
Your pictures.  Other's pictures with your face tagged.  Notes.  Statuses.
Likes.

Taken as a whole, this information basically acts as many of people's
entire social presence online.  It's how you interact with friends, it's
how you send out updates about your life, it's how you express yourself.
And who owns all of this data? Facebook.

A few months ago, the trendy thing to do in geek circles was to delete
one's Facebook account out of protest of Facebook's stupid privacy
debacles.  Though it made a few headlines, it's likely Facebook gained
more users in a few hours than they lost due to this nerd exodus.  Most
people probably are ignorant of or plain just don't care about Facebook's
many issues.  But even those that do care are faced with one large
barrier: one's entire social profile and social graph are completely
locked within Facebook's silo.

Let's say Google release Google Me tomorrow and it is freaking amazing.
It has all of the exact features you have always wished Facebook would
implement and it also fixes many of Facebook's problems.  So, you go and
create a profile.  It's easy enough to copy and paste from your current
one on Facebook.  Then you think it would be good to have all of your
pictures.  Well, Facebook doesn't give you an option to export your
pictures in their original resolution, but that's not a huge deal.  But of
course, all of your face tags won't come with... Ok, forget the pictures.
Next, it's time to add back all of your friends.  Wait, only three out of
your 357 Facebook friends have Google Me accounts? Well crap.  I suppose
you could try to evangelize a bit to encourage them to move over, but do
you really think you are going to be able to convince Great Aunt Gertrude
why she should move over to some brand new scary system now that she
finally figured out how to comment on her friend's Facebook walls?  Not
gonna happen.

So, you have two choices: 

- Forget about Google Me and keep your social graph intact on Facebook.
- Cut out huge chunks of your social graph that has built up over the last
  6 years that you've spent on Facebook.  

Now it's true many people had a MySpace profile before jumping on to the
Facebook bandwagon.  However, I think it's safe to say that everyone's
social capital investment is much larger in Facebook than it ever was on
MySpace, adding much more friction any changes.

Nevertheless, Google Me may win.  It may just be so awesome that it
garners the critical mass of users to make it worthwhile, even to Great
Aunt Gertrude.  But if Google Me is just as closed as Facebook, we would
just be trading one poor master of our social graphs for another.  Over
time, the number one social network will continue to get bigger and bigger
and will continue to suck up more and more of your social graph until
there is absolutely no way you could possibly move to a competitor (and
honestly, this may have happened already with Facebook).

So what are we supposed to do?

### A Real Open Graph ###

In an ideal world, it shouldn't matter what social network you are on.  If
you are on Google Me, you should be able to "friend" someone who is on
Facebook and tag a photo of someone who is on MySpace.  Why are social
graphs limited by these walled off networks?

The thing is, we don't really need another network: the Web already
provides us with one.  The Web (graph) is a collection of data
interconnected by links (since we all use search engines so much these
days, we sometimes forget to think about it that way).  If I can create
a link here on my blog to any other item that exists on the Web, then why
isn't adding another person on the internet to my social graph just as
easy?

It may require defining a new standard of how to connect profiles as
friends as an extension of the Web.  Unfortunately, that would mean the
social networking companies would have to collaborate extensively,
something they have little financial incentive to do (have you ever
thought how much in dollars your personal information is worth to
Facebook?).

Another barrier to the Web as the social graph is the incorrect idea that
personal information can be kept private on the Internet.  Let's just be
honest:  if you post it on the Internet, it doesn't go away and someone
who you never expected to see it will.  Five years ago, did you really
think your mom would ever get a Facebook profile so she could look through
those crazy party pictures you are tagged in?  Facebook is not private.
Do not treat it as a private way to interact with your friends.  Other
people will see it.

Once everyone get's over the illusion of Internet privacy, then perhaps we
can start moving to a saner model for social profiles. Why not do it
1997-style and create a personal website containing your public info,
public pictures, and links to your public friends?  This gives you
complete control of your social graph.  Sadly, this is not nearly as
simple as setting up a Facebook profile, and this is one area where we
geeks have failed to help our Great Aunt Gertrudes.

Some of you may have heard about the [Diaspora project][1] which is
seeking to free our social graphs from companies like Facebook.  I think
the idea is neat, but so far I don't have much hope.  Even a geek like me
yawns when I see feature lists like:

>OpenID  
Voice-over IP  Distributed Encrypted Backups  Instant Messaging protocol
UDP integration  

### For Posterity's Sake ###

Many of you reading probably think I am making a big deal about nothing.
Well, I have one last point to make:  Do you want your grandchildren to
have records of who you were?  Do you enjoy looking at old pictures of
your ancestors and hope that your great grandchildren will do the same
with pictures of you?  Think about this: that last set of pictures that
you uploaded to Facebook and then deleted off the camera is no longer
yours.  Will Facebook be around in 100 years?  If it is, will your profile
be around?  Will your great grandchildren have access to your profile?

Honestly, I don't have a good answer to all of this.  I still have my
Facebook profile, but I basically just use it as a place to aggregate my
tweets and blog posts.  I have made some attempts to control my social
graph.  One reason I started using Tumblr is it's really simple export
capabilities.  I keep local copies of things I write in an archivable
format (**not** .doc).  I post my pictures to Flickr which gives me
complete access to the original picture file (I don't use some of their
nifty tagging features since there is no portable way to export that
data).  I only put on the Internet something that I want my mom, my future
employers, my Great Aunt Gertrude, and my great grandchildren to see.  

If you care about this at all, try to take control of your own social
graph.  Forget about trying to hide it behind a Facebook privacy setting.
Good luck.

[1]: http://www.joindiaspora.com/
