+++
aliases = ["/post/860205911", "/post/860205911/thoughts-on-disneyland"]
archive = ["2010-07"]
date = "2010-07-26T06:29:36"
slug = "1280125776"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "Thoughts on Disneyland"
+++

Ok, now that we have the travelogue out of the way, I wanted to post a few
things I've thought about since the trip down to Disneyland.  The week
before we went, while I was trying to describe Disneyland to Mariam,
I told her it was "the Apple of theme parks".  After our weekend there,
I've decided that it actually lacks in a number of areas, keeping it from
being truly *great*.

Now I'm sure some of you absolutely love Disneyland and my family is
packed full of die-hard annual pass holding fans, so I hope I don't offend
anyone by pointing out some of these flaws.  Actually, I've reflected
a bit on why Disneyland breeds such strong devotion, and I think it comes
down to one word: nostalgia.  Parents take kids, kids love it, parents
love seeing their kids love it, good memories for all.  Parents take kids
again once they are older, original fun memories a remembered, good times
are had.  Kids become parents, bring their new kids, fun times are
remembered, kids love it, rinse and repeat.  I can bet that some members
of my family probably have some fond memory from almost every inch of that
park; no wonder they love going back.

Now if you hate crowds or American consumerism, then let's face it, you
will never like Disneyland (and probably not Apple either).  But here are
a few things Disneyland could really improve on:

1) The food.  Ok, in the two days that we spent in the park, we certainly
didn't get a chance to sample all of the food, but we definitely did eat
some pretty terrible stuff.  The burger from Taste Pilots Grill in
California Adventure in particular stands out as being absolutely
tasteless and nasty, all for $10.  Aside from that, much of what we ate
was pretty generic: try getting some non-blah Dreyer's ice cream in the
park.  Perhaps we just never made to it to the good stuff (ok, the deep
fried corn dog was pretty good, but greasy late night theme park food is
hard to screw up), but the fact that any of the food is terrible is
a pretty large blemish on the park (think iPhone 4 death grip).  There is
no excuse for crappy food in this world.  Disneyland should let outside
independent restaurants come in and open up shop.  The competition would
be great for keeping the prices down and quality up.  Imagine what all
around amazing food would add to the atmosphere.

2) The souvenirs.  Full disclosure: The existence of 99% of souvenirs
makes me lose faith in mankind.  Why anyone would spend their hard earned
money on cheap, worthless crap is beyond me.  Sadly, I am sure Disneyland
makes a large amount of their profits from selling crap shaped like mouse
ears.  But if they are going to do that, can't they at least sell
something interesting or unique?  Why does Disneyland sell the same junk
you can find walking down the toy aisles at Walmart?  Let me give one
example: as you walk out of the Star Tours ride, a couple of really
awesome Star Wars-themed travel posters are hanging on the walls.  Even I,
Mr. Anti-Souvenirs himself, was sucked into the trap and wanted to buy
those posters.  The ride exits directly into a souvenir shop, so I looked
around for the posters: nowhere to be found.  The place was just full of
crappy plastic light sabers and stuffed Yodas, just like any Walmart
across this country.  What I am trying to say is: if you are going to sell
crap, why not sell crap that is unique and different?

3) The cruft.  Like I said, Disneyland basically runs off pure nostalgia,
so I know that this last suggestion is probably the most far-fetched: lose
the cruft.  Animatronic elephants may have been all the rage back in the
1950's, but now they are just cheesy and lame.  Disneyland has enough
money, why not real animals?  The fake submarine ride just doesn't make
sense to me; why not fill the pool with real marine life?  And seriously,
please lose the Grand Canyon panorama with the stuffed animals.  Things
like that, especially for those who have seen the real thing, are always
just so stupid and cheesy.  It reminds me of the fake Eiffel Tower and
Statue of Liberty in Las Vegas.  Just kitschy.

Anyway, those are my thoughts on what could be improved at Disneyland.
Let's be honest, I will probably take my kids someday, and they will take
theirs regardless of whether any of the above change.  But seriously,
those changes would be nice, wouldn't they?
