+++
archive = ["2006-01"]
date = "2006-01-22T06:07:00"
slug = "1137910020"
tags = ["nerdiness"]
title = "don't try to fight it, just embrace it"
aliases = ["/archive/2006/01/22/dont-try-to-fight-it-just-embrace-it.html", "/wp/2006/01/22/dont-try-to-fight-it-just-embrace-it/", "/2006/01/22/dont-try-to-fight-it-just-embrace-it/", "/blog/9"]
+++

I have a confession to make. I, ryan, am a nerd. Yes, you read that
correctly, I am a total and complete geeky nerd boy. I have decided that
there is just no point in trying to deny who I am any longer.

You may wonder what prompted this realization. Well, last night (Friday)
at about 7 pm, I was sitting in the one of the physics labs on campus.
A few other guys and I were working on calculating the electric field that
existed at the center of a half hollow shell with a uniform charge across
its surface. As we were working through the triple integral involving the
spherical coordinates, I had a sudden realization. I was not upset that
I wasn't out at a party. I wasn't upset that I wasn't out on a date. I was
actually enjoying myself. A physics homework problem had become my hobby
for those few minutes.

No, there really is no need to mourn for me. This is actually something
I should have embraced so long ago. I am a geek.

I like computers. Everyday, I read a website called Slashdot.org, and I am
just fascinated by stories about Microsoft and Apple, about new hardware,
and about the Internet. I can't remember the last time I checked sports
scores on ESPN.com.

I just got hired as a computer support representative for the College of
Fine Arts and Communications (cfac csr for short). I am excited about this
job. I enjoy the guys that I work with. They talk about things such as
video games and sci-fi that really interest me.

While at work, I decided I wanted to learn GNU Emacs (props to those who
know what that is). I thought that I could be much cooler if I did my
programming with it than with just lame GUI text editor.

Tonight, my roommate and a friend of mine sat around, ate chips and
cookies, and watched Japanese anime. I really liked it. I love Japanese
culture. I want to get more into anime and manga.

Girls do not like me. I think that is something I really need to just
accept. I am too goofy looking and definitely not charming enough to make
up for that. I really don't have time for relationships right now anyway.
I am going to try and see girls as people I can be friends with. Which
means, I am not going to care if a girl is cute or not, but whether she is
into the same sort of stuff that I am into. Of course, I will still find
Asian women to be the most beautiful things on Earth.

I think I will still try somewhat to dress trendy though. That will be my
sort of unique thing. Like, in a group of nerds, there should be the goth,
the freaking smart asian kid, the quiet kid, etc. So I will be the
well-dressed kid, at least well dressed for a nerd. I mean, I did lose
just about every ounce of style I had in high school while I was in Japan,
but I don't think I am doing too bad right now. Also, I plan to stay in
shape. No matter how big of a nerd I become, I don't want to become one of
those fat guys. I think I will also continue to take showers. If I ever
want to get a good job, I had better at least smell good.

Forgive me if anytime in the future my lack of social skills puts any sort
of hamper on our relationship. I hope all of you who know me can accept
the fact that I am an out of the closet nerd.

