+++
archive = ["2006-07"]
date = "2006-07-03T00:13:00"
slug = "1151885580"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "another night, another dream, but always you"
+++

i hate sunday afternoons. the long dark teatime of the soul.

i should be doing homework, but i'm not. i should be catching up on sleep,
but i'm not. i should be working on being a more righteous dude, but i'm
not. instead i am lying around, wishing i had the guts to ask more girls
out on dates and wishing i had my mommy to cook for me.

fireworks last night. pretty pointless with no one to enjoy them with....

"G\*d d\*mn you half-Japanese girls,  
You do it to me everytime...  
I'm a lot like you, so please,  
hello, I'm here, I'm waiting."  

i went shopping last night though. that means i actually have food again.
i bought granola, which makes me excited, because i can enjoy breakfast
again. marshmellow maties were just not cutting it.

i got an A in circuits, but an A- in HEPE..that really pisses me off.

the NSA asked for wiretaps before 9/11. but i'm not patriotic if i don't
trust my government completely still. some girl used dick cheney as an
example of humility in sunday school today. i almost gagged.

"Some folks are born made to wave the flag,  
ooh, they're red, white and blue.  
And when the band plays "Hail To The Chief",  
oh, they point the cannon at you, Lord,  
It ain't me, it ain't me,  
I ain't no senator's son,  
It ain't me, it ain't me,  
I ain't no fortunate one, no."  

we ate hawaiian haystacks for break the fast. they were yummy.

