+++
archive = ["2006-07"]
date = "2006-07-07T19:49:00"
slug = "1152301740"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "friday"
+++

there is nothing to do at work.

i skipped class this morning. i was feeling pretty sick last night, so
i just let it go. i don't know why i still feel guilty about that.

i only have 25 minutes on my cellphone left until tonight at 9 pm. if i go
over, i have to pay $5. the only problem is i would rather not just sit at
home until i can call people. a possible $5 fine for trying to be social
tonight. suck.

i joined in the lord of the rings marathon they were doing last night for
a few hours. man, i am still pissed about how cheezy they made the whole
aragorn-arwen thing. plus liv tyler is ugly.

they brought back the little debbie brownies in the vending machines. for
awhile they had these cheap cardboard tasting knock-offs. life is good.

i do not want to get married anytime soon. there is only one reason
i would be getting married. it is strange, because we are constantly told
to bridle the passions of the body, yet we are told to get married quickly
(ie, just follow the passions of your body). i don't need sex to make me
happy. someone cooking me breakfast everyday would be nice though.

the july 4th parade here in provo sucked and i am still bothered by how
many people were camping out to see it 2 days in advanced. seriously, the
baraboo circus parade was sweeter. we at least had a liger. no one ever
believes me when i say that, because they think i am just trying to pull
a napolean dynomite thing, but its true. amy jo, if you read this, will
you please back me up? there was a liger at the circus world museum.

is it weird that i get more jealous when i see a guy with a brand new
macbook than i do when i see a guy with a hot asian girl?

president eyring's homecoming is this weekend. it will be good to see him
again. that is a man i truly respect. i've never been able to be so open
with anyone.

