+++
archive = ["2009-11"]
date = "2009-11-20T23:51:05"
slug = "1258761065"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "baraboo boys cross country unofficial webpage"
aliases = ["/archive/2009/11/20/baraboo-boys-cross-country-unofficial-webpage.html", "/wp/2009/11/20/baraboo-boys-cross-country-unofficial-webpage/", "/2009/11/20/baraboo-boys-cross-country-unofficial-webpage/", "/blog/352"]
+++

lets rewind a bit over a decade. there i am, a scrawny, awkward, high
school freshman beginning my time on the baraboo boys cross country team.
running was HUGE to me in high school and i've written a few times about
it before (1)(2)(3).

the thunderbirds were a team with "a tradition of excellence" as we liked
to say. we consistently wiped the floor with the competition at our
conference championships and always were a top contender at sectionals.
one thing that made us great was coach arndt. the guy was "TUFF". i'm sure
you can imagine what kind of motivation it is to have your coach, a man 30
years older than you, running right next to you and often BEATING you
during practice. i remember how at some point during almost every workout,
coach would start dry heaving. we all knew what that meant. as soon as he
was done, he would make some comment about how he needed to quit eating
the those frito lays for lunch and then he would pick up the pace! the dry
heaves meant it was time to suck it up and move.

another huge reason for our team's success was how much fun we had.
especially for my first two years, the varsity team was VERY tight knit.
we were really great friends. kendall mcfarland was the team captain my
freshman season (1998). he started the baraboo boys cross country
unofficial webpage as a place to post pictures and race results. when
kendall graduated, he past on the responsibility to me. unfortunately
i let the site die, and by the time i graduated, no one was interested in
keeping it up to date.

so it languished, one of those sites on angelfire.com that hadn't been
touched in years. when i got back from my mission in 2004, i had of course
completely forgotten the administrator's password and i no longer had
access to the email account that was assigned to the account. i knew that
there were a number of pictures stored on the account that were not even
linked from the page, so i thought it was really unfortunate i couldn't
access it.

well, a little while ago i thought maybe the people at angelfire.com would
have mercy on me, so i contacted them with as much information as i could
to see if they would give me the admin password. miracle of miracles, they
did!

over the years angelfire decided to encumber the freely hosted web pages
with tons of banner ads and popups, so i've decided to remove the site
from its original location (www.angelfire.com/wi/baraboocc) and archive it
on my host. the new web page is:

[http://www.iambismark.net/baraboocc/][1].

everything is basically the way i left it when i last touched the site in
2000. the hit counter sadly stopped working so i removed that. and we
used to have a message board. i remember stupid debates on there with
runners from other teams, etc. sadly that was hosted somewhere else and is
now gone, so i removed the dead link. however the guestbook is still
intact, which is fun. actually there are a lot of orphaned html pages that
i probably ought to link up somehow, though i am loathe to change the page
much further for historical value (not the mention that the html is
essentially unreadable). anyway, enjoy this little slice of the past
written in frontpage 98. 

(1) [lifes little lessons][2]  
(2) [nostalgia (not office supplies related)][3]  
(3) [who i am part 2][4]  

[1]: http://www.iambismark.net/baraboocc/
[2]: {{< relref "1169364360.md" >}}
[3]: {{< relref "1211526060.md" >}}
[4]: {{< relref "1224201240.md" >}}

