---
archive:
- 2008-12
categories:
- blog
date: '2008-12-02T14:23:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2008/12/02/why-im-grateful-for-provo.html
- /wp/2008/12/02/why-im-grateful-for-provo/
- /2008/12/02/why-im-grateful-for-provo/
- /blog/258
slug: '1228227780'
tags:
- personal
title: why i'm grateful for provo
---

as most of you already probably know, i am not a huge fan of provo. right
before i came out to school here, i was talking with my branch president
back in wisconsin, and he gave me the following advice about provo: "get
your education, and then get out of there." for the last 4 years, i've
kept that in mind and never once have i questioned it. once i am done with
my undergraduate degree, i am leaving utah valley, and i have no desire to
live here again.

nevertheless, i am grateful for some things here. there are benefits.

one of the biggest complaints i hear about provo is that there is nothing
to do. i've decided thats just not true. there is just as much to do here
as in wisconsin, or california, or oregon, or japan. real "fun" comes from
surrounding yourself with interesting and stimulating people, no matter
what the activity.

in fact, the need to find creative activities to have fun is refreshing.
in most college towns, freshman and sophomores spend their weekends
wishing they were 21 and wondering which places don't card. let me just
say this: bars are lame. every one that i have gone to, even with good
friends, i have been absolutely unimpressed. i've always thought no wonder
people feel the need to get drunk at these places, they are boring as
hell.

i'm going on a date tonight. we are going to get hot chocolate and go
bowling. to a lot of people that might sound boring as hell, but i know
its going to be fun. there is no need for us to drink to have fun. i am
friends with the girl, so i know we will be able to joke around, laugh,
and just enjoy each other's company. when we are done, i will drive her
home, give her a hug, and drive home with a smile on my face knowing i had
fun. there won't be any debate as to whether i should ask to come in for
the night or not. there won't be any waking up the next morning and
thinking oh crap what did i do last night. it just makes having a good
time simple.

i appreciate that about provo. i hope i can keep finding good people to
surround myself with once i move away from provo. i want to still have
this simple, but actually really awesome fun.

