---
archive: [2008-12]
date: '2008-12-25T06:00:12'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/12/25/merry-christmas.html, /wp/2008/12/25/merry-christmas/,
  /2008/12/25/merry-christmas/, /blog/265]
slug: '1230184812'
tags: [personal]
title: merry christmas
---

i hope all of you are having a great holiday season with family and
friends. this christmas i've been thinking a lot about being grateful for
what i have despite the many terrible things going on in this world. we
are in a global recession and war rages in many parts of the world.
i think the following poem by longsfellow has as much meaning today as it
did when it was written 145 years ago:

> I heard the bells on Christmas Day Their old familiar carols play, And
> wild and sweet The words repeat Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
> 
> And thought how, as the day had come, The belfries of all Christendom Had
> rolled along The unbroken song Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
> 
> Till, ringing, singing on its way, The world revolved from night to day,
> A voice, a chime A chant sublime Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
> 
> Then from each black accursed mouth The cannon thundered in the South, And
> with the sound The carols drowned Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
> 
> It was as if an earthquake rent The hearth-stones of a continent, And made
> forlorn The households born Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
> 
> And in despair I bowed my head, "There is no peace on earth," I said. "For
> hate is strong, And mocks the song Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
> 
> Then pealed the bells more loud and deep, **"God is not dead; nor doth he
> sleep! The Wrong shall fail, The Right prevail, With peace on earth,
> good-will to men!"**

whether you believe in God as an omnipotent being or even just as a symbol
for the inherent goodness that exists in the human heart, i think we can
all agree on the message of this poem. i hope and pray that this christmas
will bring a little more peace and good-will to this world.

