---
alturls:
- https://www.facebook.com/17803937/posts/10100688265906579
archive:
- 2012-11
date: '2012-11-28T01:36:34+00:00'
slug: '1354066594'
---

In response to the new Facebook guidelines I hereby declare that my copyright is attached to all of my personal details, illustrations, comics, paintings, professional photos and videos, etc. (as a result of the Berner Convention). For commercial use of the above my written consent is needed at all times!

(Anyone reading this can copy this text and paste it on their Facebook Wall. This will place them under protection of copyright laws. By the present communiqué, I notify Facebook that it is strictly forbidden to disclose, copy, distribute, disseminate, or take any other action against me on the basis of this profile and/or its contents. The aforementioned prohibited actions also apply to employees, students, agents and/or any staff under Facebook's direction or control. The content of this profile is private and confidential information. The violation of my privacy is punished by law (UCC 1 1-308-308 1-103 and the Rome Statute).

Facebook is now an open capital entity. All members are recommended to publish a notice like this, or if you prefer, you may copy and paste this version. If you do not publish a statement at least once, your mom will get scared and say “You’re movin’ with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air.” I whistled for a cab and when it came near the license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror. If anything I could say that this cab was rare, but I thought, “Nah, forget it. Yo homes to Bel-Air!” I pulled up to the house about 7 or 8 and I yelled to the cabby "Yo holmes smell ya later!" Looked at my kingdom, I was finally there, to sit on my throne as the prince of Bel-Air.

