---
archive:
- 2008-02
categories:
- blog
date: '2008-02-01T15:24:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2008/02/01/some-more-on-android.html
- /wp/2008/02/01/some-more-on-android/
- /2008/02/01/some-more-on-android/
- /blog/149
slug: '1201879440'
tags:
- nerdiness
title: some more on android
---

i am giving a presentation about google's android os to the technical
marketing engineer team on tuesday morning. i am a bit nervous, but
i think i will do fine. i have studied quite a bit about android, so
hopefully i can answer their questions.

a few thoughts on android: to be honest, i think it has gotten a bit more
hype than it deserves. i mean, list of members in the open handset
alliance is rather impressive (including my employer intel), but the
products just don't exist yet. where are the phone announcements? where
are the actual demos? supposedly something will come out at the mobile
world congress starting on the 11th, or at least thats what the android
blogs are hoping. we shall see.

i think the use of the word "open" confused a lot of people when it came
to android. android is not linux. i mean, at least it is not linux in the
common sense of the word. android uses the linux kernel, but it doesn't
come with the typical utilities that we associate with "linux." no X11, no
vi, not even cp! don't expect anyone outside of hobbyist hackers to be
running linux apps on android anytime soon. and if the capability does
come about, one would have to ask why they would take the time with other
"true" mobile linux platforms out there (openmoko, qtopia, etc). no, when
google said it was open, they meant that it was open to third party
java-based applications. it also is built on a sort of modular application
system, where one can swap apps (including those provided by google) and
they can perform the same function as long as they conform to the APIs.
kind of cool, but maybe not what people imagined when they heard "open"
and actually not even fully achievable yet with the incomplete SDK and the
limited emulator. its been fun learning about android, but i can't say
i have all that much faith in it yet.

speaking of openmoko, i kind of want to buy this:

[neo advanced developer's kit][1]

it looks like it would be fun to play with. but i guess they are coming
out with a new version of the neo soon, so its best to wait! and maybe
with the release of the iphone SDK coming up, i will just forget about
openmoko altogether!

[1]: http://www.openmoko.com/products-neo-advanced-00-develkit.html

