---
archive:
- 2008-02
categories:
- blog
date: '2008-02-02T07:26:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2008/02/02/quiet-evening.html
- /wp/2008/02/02/quiet-evening/
- /2008/02/02/quiet-evening/
- /blog/150
slug: '1201937160'
tags:
- personal
title: quiet evening
---

i enjoyed a relaxing evening at home tonight.

work today was kind of lame. all of the TMEs were supposed to go to this
6 hour long linux training. i was a little nervous about the whole 6 hours
long part, but i figured it would be sweet to learn a bit more about
linux. weeeell, it turns out this was a training for newbies and everyone
else in the group figured that out and didn't show up besides me, and,
well, the newbies. so yeah, rough 6 hours. i actually didnt make it to the
end and just left because i was getting nothing out of it. blah.

i cooked myself dinner again tonight. i think that makes at home dinner
for every night but one so far this week, which is pretty dang good for
me! i made beans, rice, and chicken. it tasted decent enough. i love my
new george foreman grill. no more boiling chicken!

speaking of food, i started a "fitness program" last night as part of my
new membership at a gym. so basically some chick tells me i need to eat
less junk food, exercise each day, and then she shows me how to use all of
the equipment i already know about. she told me one of the bad foods
i can't eat is cheese. every day that i eat junk food, i need to put a red
X on a little calendar she gave me. no cheese! whatever. but i did go
running tonight and felt pretty good. i think i might be running a 5k next
saturday. its definitely been 2.5 years, and i definitely ran my slowest
5k ever 2.5 years ago, so it might be interesting.

i watched the movie juno tonight. it was good.

tomorrow is cleaning my room, doing some shopping, possibly going to
a museum (its free museum day here in sac), hitting the gym, and playing
with my sis. hells bells, its gonna be a busy day.

