---
archive: [2008-02]
date: '2008-02-24T16:53:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/02/24/i-am-angry.html, /wp/2008/02/24/i-am-angry/, /2008/02/24/i-am-angry/,
  /blog/154]
slug: '1203871980'
tags: [personal]
title: i am angry.
---

[White House says phone wiretaps back on "for now"][1]

every time i hear someone say that they like the bush administration,
i get a little sad inside. even if a child molester is a good cook, or
tells funny jokes, or gives money to a charity, none of that takes away
from the fact that he/she is viciously destroying children's lives. even
if you like bush's stance on abortion, same sex marriage, or heck, even
the war in iraq, that doesn't change the fact the this administration is
willfully and blatantly breaking the law and acting contrary to the fourth
amendment to the constitution. here is what is so idiotic about this:
THERE IS A LEGAL, CONSTITUTIONAL WAY FOR THE GOVERNMENT TO MAKE WIRETAPS.
a SECRET court exists specifically for this purpose. all of this court's
documents are CLASSIFIED. the government can receive a warrant up to 72
hours AFTER beginning wiretaps and still be within the confines of the
law. why or why are they continuing to break the law? i am sorry to any of
those of you who think this administration has redeeming values. there are
no if, ands, or buts about it, this administration is acting CRIMINALLY.

senator obama asked rhetorically recently what has happened to this
country where we are even considering whether it was alright to use
torture in interrogation (for those who don't stay up with the news, the
CIA admitted to using water boarding though conveniently they came out
with it on super tuesday when everyone was too busy to notice). the same
question can be asked about illegal spying on citizens. why is there even
a question as to whether this is right or not? what have we come to?

[1]: http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSN2229053420080224

