---
archive:
- 2008-07
categories:
- blog
date: '2008-07-01T21:18:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2008/07/01/digg-commenters-are-idiots.html
- /wp/2008/07/01/digg-commenters-are-idiots/
- /2008/07/01/digg-commenters-are-idiots/
- /blog/212
slug: '1214947080'
tags:
- nerdiness
title: digg commenters are idiots
---

two stories today really proved to me how idiotic the people who post on digg are. i really would like to believe that this is not indicative of most people in this world, but sometimes i really have to wonder.

1. [AT&T Announces iPhone 3G pricing plans][1]  
wow, people are such whiners. it is really this simple: 1st gen iphones
were eligible for the $15 at&t medianet plan with a forced $5 200 text
message plan. thus an "iphone data plan" was $20 a month. the reason at&t
allowed for the $15 plan on a smartphone was most likely a) to placate
apple and b) the iphone only supported slower EDGE speeds. now, with the
new iphone 3G, at&t is giving the phone the same treatment as all other
smartphones: the $30 smartphone data plan. this time there is no forced
text message plan. is this expensive? yes, welcome to the world of
wireless plans. is it any more expensive than any other smartphone? nope.
really, the only rather interesting and unique aspect of the iphone 3G is
that people who bought 1st gen iphones are eligible for the upgrade price
($199). i think this is once again there to placate apple and not to turn
off all of the early adopters.


2. [Obama to expand Bush's faith-based programs][2]  
i have been a pretty big obama fanboy lately, but i will be the first to
admit he has his warts. i am pretty upset over his cowardly stance on
telco immunity. nevertheless, this story, the title it was given, and
especially the idiotic commenters are just amazing. this seems like a much
more balanced view of what is happening here: [Obama to rename Bush's
faith office][3]. sounds like a good idea to me. is there really that much
indiscriminate hate against people with religious beliefs that anything to
do with them has to be evil or wrong? it sure sounds like obama is doing
what he promised to do: change the old politics of predefined partisan
divides and bring both sides of the table to work at making america
better. he won't give federal funding to proselytizing efforts, but he
will give money to important and established charitable efforts regardless
of the beliefs or lack their of their sponsors. this is not an expansion
of bush's programs, this is a restart.

i just wish people weren't so obnoxious.

[1]: http://digg.com/apple/AT_T_Announces_iPhone_3G_pricing_plans
[2]: http://digg.com/2008_us_elections/Obama_to_expand_Bush_s_faith_based_programs
[3]: http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0708/11462.html

