---
archive: [2008-07]
date: '2008-07-18T04:41:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/07/17/yup-still-here.html, /wp/2008/07/17/yup-still-here/,
  /2008/07/17/yup-still-here/, /blog/216]
slug: '1216356060'
tags: [personal]
title: yup still here
---

don't worry folks, i'm still alive. just keeping myself busy.

so i got my new iphone. it is beautiful. getting there was a bit of
a task. all week i had told myself that i was just going to go to the at&t
store near work early in the morning to get it, but for some reason on
friday morning i got the crazy idea that i should go to the apple
store. just for the full experience, you know? bad idea. i got to the
store at around 6:30, and i think there was about 100 people in line in
front of me. i thought, ok, its long, but i should be out of here by
around 10:00. boy was i wrong. at around 7:30 all of the apple store
employees came out cheering and clapping, giving us high fives, etc. it
was fun and people got excited. right at 8, the local news stations were
there to tape the first guy in line to go in. about 15 people went in to
the store right when the doors opened. excitement was high, and we started
to wait for the first guy to come out with his phone. and we waited. and
we waited. it was 8:40 before the first guy came out of the store. ugh.
i am sure most of you saw the news reports, there's no need to go into
detail with what went wrong.. down activation servers.. requiring a call
to at&t in order to get the upgrade price.. etc. the line moved veeeerrry
slowly. i got to the store around 12:05. did the calling up at&t and
removing my fan discount song and dance, got the phone, and got out of the
store by around 12:35. the line still stretched down 2/3 of the length of
the mall. crazy. and to make everything more fun, i had forgotten to turn
of my headlights when i got to the mall, so my car was dead when i got
there. after getting a jump, i went straight to work.. only 6 hours late..
sigh. nevertheless, its an amazing phone. was it worth it? i think so.

