---
archive: [2008-09]
date: '2008-09-06T21:16:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/09/06/software-i-use-twinkle.html, /wp/2008/09/06/software-i-use-twinkle/,
  /2008/09/06/software-i-use-twinkle/, /blog/226]
slug: '1220735760'
tags: [nerdiness]
title: 'software i use: twinkle'
---

its been about year since ive given a [software review][1], so i figure
i might as well start again. for those of you who visit the site, you will
see my microblog (aka my twitter feed) on the right hand column. i blogged
last year about the app i use to update twitter on my mac, mood blast. but
now that i have an iphone, i've got a number of options for updating my
twitter while out and about.

probably the most widely known iphone twitter app is twitterific. version
1.0 was just waaay too laggy, so i gave up on that pretty quick.
twittelator was pretty decent, but definitely had gotten hit with the ugly
stick.

twinkle is the app that hits all my needs just right. personally, i think
like the UI more than twitterific's. very clean and useable. but the
really killer feature of twinkle is its neaby tweets screen. twinkle uses
the iphone's AGPS to keep track of the location you are tweeting, and it
lists other nearby tweets. granted, its not totally useful, but its still
pretty cool to check out what other people nearby are tweeting about.
actually the coolest thing i have used it for was keeping myself sane
while driving across nevada. every few hours i loaded up the twinkle
nearby screen just to see who else was around tweeting. as i expected, the
only tweets were from other people driving through, most of them
complaining about how desolate places like battle mountain nevada are (no
offense to any battle mountain readers... do they have internet there?).
it was just kind of fun to see what other travelers were experiencing as
they went on the same trek as me... kind of made me think about being in
a wagon train heading west and seeing a message scratched into a rock
along the trail.

the cool things technology can do.

[1]: {{< relref "1189056060.md" >}}

