+++
archive = ["2009-05"]
date = "2009-05-06T12:34:59"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1241613299"
title = "spring-color plum calendar"
+++

this is my zuihitsu responding to [tamenaga shunsui][1]'s _spring-color
plum calendar_ (_shunshoku umegoyomi_, 春色梅児誉美). it was written as an
assignment for my early-modern japanese literature course at brigham young
university.

Like my literature class discussed, the modern, Western equivalent of this
story is a chick flick, and honestly while I was reading it, I reacted
about the same way. I think the following section just put the entire
thing over the top:

> “I know a young woman who’s ten times prettier and more irresistible
> than Yonehachi.” “Oh really? Where is she?” “Hey, she’s right here,”
> Tanjirō said, putting his arm around Ochō and holding her tightly as
> they walked.

I was alone in my room at the time, but I audibly said, “Oh please,” when
I read this. The more I read, the more I thought to myself, “Gosh, this
Tanjirō guy is a total pansy.” I have no idea how many times I rolled my
eyes during this story. But like we have been taught to do, I want to look
a little deeper at my reaction to this story.

In hindsight, I’ve said pretty much that exact same line to a girl,
admittedly on multiple occasions. At the time I didn’t say, “Oh please,”
because, well, it worked. Now, I could go off on how easy it is to win
over some girls with such cheesy lines, but I think it’s more interesting
to look at my willingness and desire to do deliver those lines. I’m
certain I would be rolling my eyes if I ever read a book about all the
stupid, cheesy things I’ve said to and done for girls. Did I do those
things just because it worked or am I sincerely a “sensitive” guy? Tanjirō
used these tactics multiple times, with two different women! Yet the
narrator continually reassures the reader that “his love for [female
character’s name here] is as true as [female character’s name here] is for
him.” Obviously since he is just a made up character targeted at a female
audience, Tanjirō is completely sincere in the story (though to us modern
Western readers, he seems like a “player”). The fact that I thought
Tanjirō was cheesy and a wimp despite me having acted in similar ways
(albeit with questionable sincerity) brings up the interesting question of
why I had such a reaction. Was it because Tanjirō was portrayed as being
genuinely sincere in his actions and I, as a realistic Western male, knows
that no guy is in reality that way? Don’t all Western males complain to
each other about having to figure out what to do after procrastinating
buying their significant other something for Valentine’s Days? On the
other hand, I wonder if this is just a perception that Western males feel
compelled to hold by society. Did I just think Tanjirō was a wimp because
that’s what our culture tells me I should do, despite the similarities
that I grudgingly admit exist between us?

We talked in class about _amae_ and how modern Japanese and American men
show the tendency to be more spoiled and dependent on strong female
figures. This dependency and need for care is exactly what made Tanjirō so
attractive to the characters and the readers. So is this tendency proof of
a weakening of men in society, or is it men again conforming to the
desires of women just so they can get the girl(s)? As an American guy,
I think there are forces pulling from both directions: girls say they want
a tough man who can protect them, but they also want him to buy flowers
and write love poems. Strangely (in Western readers minds), the women
characters in the story saw Tanjirō as both. Tanjirō was completely
dependent on these women, yet when Ochō was in trouble, she went running
to his arms for safety. I think this is probably the most confusing part
of the story for me as a Western male.

During my occasional bitterness over failed relationships, I’ve jokingly
subscribed to the [Ladder Theory][2]. Basically it says women separate men
into two different categories: friends and romantic interests. The theory
claims that the intellectual, intelligent, sensitive men are relegated to
the friends category and are consigned to being a shoulder to cry on as
their women friends complain about the jerk guys they are dating. Tanjirō
blows this theory out of the water, at least in regards to Edo period
Japanese women and I think if there had only been one woman in his life,
the girls in our class would have liked Tanjirō quite a bit more. So my
last question is, as a single guy, feeling a bit concerned as I quickly
enter the realm of older single Mormons, do I take cues from Tanjirō? The
continued popularity of the sensitive male role in chick flicks today
seems to indicate yes. I confess a number of times I’ve wished for the
awkward, British charm of Hugh Grant in Notting Hill (I mean, it got him
Julia Roberts so it must be good, right?). On the other hand we talk about
amae being a bad thing for society and men. My grandpa pokes fun at me for
not being “manly” enough to keep a girlfriend. I can only conclude that
it’s complicated being a guy. To me, Tanjirō exemplifies the
contradictions within the expectations for men in our society.

In the end, I’m glad to know that even in a different time and place, it’s
a complicated issue. This story was targeted at women and it probably made
Edo period men roll their eyes too. If I’ve learned anything from my
studying, despite how different early modern Japanese society is in
comparison today, the similarities and parallels are all hiding just
barely under the surface.

[1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shunsui_Tamenaga
[2]: http://www.laddertheory.com/

