---
archive:
- 2006-11
categories:
- blog
date: '2006-11-13T07:05:00'
oldpaths:
- /archive/2006/11/13/ive-figured-it-out.html
- /wp/2006/11/13/ive-figured-it-out/
- /2006/11/13/ive-figured-it-out/
- /blog/29
slug: '1163401500'
tags:
- personal
title: i've figured it out
---

yes, i've got it. the grand unifying theory...

girls are a waste of my time. (excluding those i can have completely
platonic relationships with... which right now equals about 5 of them)
spending the energy to be with them, using the time to think about them,
wasting the money to do things with them. worthless. i vow now to never
stay awake during a sunday school lesson about marriage or dating. i will
roll my eyes in disgust at every cheezy byu dating joke told in class or
church. i will spend my weekends doing things that i think are fun, not
worrying whether there is a chance that i will be able to get a date out
of it or not. i will embrace my nerdiness. i will play video games and
i will talk about computers, not caring if i am boring the crap out of any
female within hearing distance. i will continue to work out and lift
weights, not because i care about looking good at the pool next summer,
but because it makes me feel good and energetic. i will save my text
messages for setting up halo games and figuring out what kind of pizza to
buy instead of flirting during class. i will keep learning japanese in
order to improve my marketability in the engineering field, not to pick up
on japanese women. i will wear nice clothes, because i like nice clothes,
not because i care whether or not girls think i have fashion sense. i will
hold out until i get out of this dating scene pit of despair so i can find
interesting and attractive women while at graduate school.

am i upset? sure, a little bit. mostly at myself for being such a fool for
these past two years. i have the fullest respect for those who find love
and roll with it. but right now, it is not for me. no dates. you can find
me working hard at school, working out in the gym, screwing around on my
computer, or enjoying some football or a movie at home.

