+++
archive = ["2006-04"]
date = "2006-04-17T23:30:20"
slug = "1145316620"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "things we have learned from today"
+++

don't go blabbing confidential information, even when you think you are
anonymous over the internet. just not a safe thing to do. i won't say
exactly what happened, because i would be making the exact same mistake,
but lets just say i said something today in a public forum that should not
have been said, and it came back and bit me in the butt. suck.

i haven't started studying for my finals yet. pretty idiotic of me.
whatever. instead a couple of us got take out chinese and watched pirates
of the caribbean.

today, i switched internet browsers to camino from safari. so far,
i really like it. because it is open source, it is much more customizable.
it runs off of the gecko engine, so i get all of the rendering ability of
firefox, but it was written in native mac os cocoa, so it is very mac-ish
and well integrated. some set backs: no built in rss reader like safari,
but i started using a news aggregator called netnewswire, and i am rather
happy with that also, so no real loss there. but, for some reason, i still
can't load the kronos system webpage (used for clocking in and out of
work), even when i am in firefox emulation mode, so i guess i will have to
keep firefox around still.

the weather sucked today. a total joke. snow and slush.

my favorite song for today was "be my escape" by relient k.

i really should start (trying to) playing guitar again. why am i getting
so many views on my blog?

are people actually reading these? i have a feeling they are just hits
from bots, because i got a ton of fake friend requests after i posted my
girl musings. weird.

