---
archive: [2008-04]
date: '2008-04-14T20:56:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2008/04/14/busy-weekend.html, /wp/2008/04/14/busy-weekend/, /2008/04/14/busy-weekend/,
  /blog/176]
slug: '1208206560'
tags: [personal]
title: busy weekend
---

yeah, so aside from it just being a busy morning, i had a busy weekend.

ok, maybe not on friday. i was more like tired and sleepy on friday, so
i just kicked it old school at home. i watched the office, ate some
dinner, and chillaxed. good times.

saturday was crrrrrrazy. one of the guys from church was moving, so i went
to help out there for a bit starting at 10. after that, me and a group of
friends went to a nice park for a picnic. we ate some good food, tie dyed
(i did my socks), and played with the dogs people had brought. it was fun
and the weather was really nice.

then i went home and the roommate and i went running. freakin hot outside.
we ran a trail along side the mather field airport, and of course there
are no trees, so it was killer. felt good afterwards though.

saturday night was silly. another single adult ward and ours teamed up for
a dating game activity. i was assigned to be a contestant, meaning i had
to question three bachelorettes and choose one to take out. very awkward.
they forced all of us contestants to go sit in the kitchen so we could not
see who we were choosing from and visa versa. this of course just made
things more nerve wracking as i tried to think of funny questions to ask.
in the end i called my mom and got some decent ideas. i made the audience
laugh a few times. it was kind of silly though since all of the girls that
i was choosing from were from my ward, so i basically knew who they were
just by their voices. but whatever, the girl i chose is cool and we get
free dinner at in-n-out burger, so not that bad in the end.

after the activity we hit up a birthday party in granite lake aka where
the rich people live. some pretty nice houses out there. the party was so
so, only knew a couple of people there, didn't really feel like dancing to
the techno music the dj (who was dressed like a clown) was playing.

got home, and i had a terrible stomach ache. dunno why. almost threw up.

sunday was long. i was at church from 10 until 5, with no lunch in
between. i survived though. hung out with some friends in the evening, hit
up the last bit of a fireside to check out the ladies, and then called it
a night (or at least tried to with the previously mentioned terrible
karaoke going on).

that was my weekend.

