---
archive: [2007-07]
date: '2007-07-30T06:17:00'
old_paths: [/archive/2007/07/30/etc-etc.html, /wp/2007/07/30/etc-etc/, /2007/07/30/etc-etc/,
  /blog/87]
slug: '1185776220'
tags: [personal]
title: etc etc
---

in case you missed it last time, all pics should now be up:

[japan study abroad pics][1]

check them out i guess...

still no scooter. the idiots at escape motorsports in provo, ut decided
that they would wait for four weeks before actually opening up my scooter
to see that it wasn't just a cracked plastic body but there was actual
frame damage. (i hope my blog gets a decent page rank on google so that
the next person who searches for them will see this... they really are
a crappy service. i don't know why i went back to them again). and just to
add to the fun, i gave my insurance agent a call to complain to him, just
to find out that he is basically no longer and insurance agent for
progressive and hasn't been since july 5th. no wonder no one has cared to
get ahold of me. why have i been the one doing all the contacting to find
this stuff out? shouldn't escape motorsports and progressive be the ones
calling me when there is a major development like the parts are going to
show up a week later, or that they completely botched the damage estimate,
or that my insurance agent is gone indefinitely? why did it take me making
a phone call for this information to come out? seems backwards.

nothing else very new going on... happy about the $8000 i will be getting
in grants this year. eyeing a new macbook (for educational use of course).
and who ever said there weren't advantages to getting old and staying
single?!?

i downloaded a program called igtd (the gtd stands for "getting things
done"). supposedly it will help me get my life organized so i can be more
productive. i guess i will actually have to complete my to dos now to make
it worthwhile.

i made a wish list. here it is so far:

dvds:

- firefly dvds
- the office dvds
- pbs the mormons dvd

music:

- relient k mmhmm
- jack's mannequin everything in transit
- cat stevens greatest hits
- chicago greatest hits
- snow patrol final straw

books:

- harry potter paperbacks

computer/electronic:

- earphones
- wii
- iphone
- macbook
- netnewswire

clothes:

- white dress shirt

misc:

- toolkit
- helmet

some are more realistic than others.

i've lost weight, almost 8 pounds since i've been back. feel a lot better,
but i wish i could get into a habit of running more. lifting weights is
great, but doesn't give the exact same high that running does. maybe
because the results are more quickly visible its easier to stick to.

we had make over night tonight. i think the girls had too much fun
straightening our hair and putting mud masks on us though... i look pretty
dorky with straight hair.. i guess the mud mask made my skin feel nice...

i better stop now, i'm just rambling.

[1]: http://picasaweb.google.com/ryanjapan2007

