---
archive: [2009-02]
date: '2009-02-03T21:08:44'
old_paths: [/archive/2009/02/03/dennys-run.html, /wp/2009/02/03/dennys-run/, /2009/02/03/dennys-run/,
  /blog/278]
slug: '1233695324'
tags: [personal]
title: denny's run
---

so as i am sure a lot of you already knew, today denny's was giving away
free grand slams. this is probably not what they want me to say, but
denny's food is absolutely terrible. but the combination of free food and
having a fun story tell got my out of bed this morning at 5:20 am to head
off to our local denny's with mariam and little bro.

![denny's first line ever][1]

we got there around 5:45, and the line was already starting to form
outside the door.

![this was the line at its shortest][2]

the line steadily grew behind us and by the time we were done at 6:50, it
wrapped around half of the restaurant. i am quite certain this is the only
time in history that people have lined up to eat at denny's.

![mariam in line][3]

mariam braved the cold well and even punched out a girl trying to cut in
line.

![will do anything for food][4]

yeah, we were basically desperate for food. we got inside and seated
around 6:10. the staff looked surprisingly sane, thought i suppose we were
only 10 minutes into what must have been a hellish day. we got drinks,
ordered our grand slams, then waited. we actually got ours before some
other people who ahead of us in line, probably because we all order
scrambled eggs. i think they make those up in a big vat somewhere in
georgia and ship them out as is.

![snarf part 2][5]

once the food came out, there was no stopping mariam. as we left, people
in lined cheered. i like to think it was just because it was us and not
because they wanted people inside to hurry out so they could get out of
the cold.

conclusion: the food was still terrible, but seriously, when was the last
time anyone had a conversation about denny's? i heard about 10 different
ones yesterday and today. some marketing dude better be bringing home
a nice bonus this year.

[1]: 1.jpg
[2]: 2.jpg
[3]: 3.jpg
[4]: 4.jpg
[5]: 5.jpg

