+++
archive = ["2009-02"]
date = "2009-02-13T00:33:36"
tags = ["personal"]
slug = "1234485216"
title = "michelle quilter of lehi, utah is an idiot."
+++

here is her dribble entitled "new anti-christs" that was posted in
[today's daily universe][1]: 

> I have heard many BYU students say that we know that we are children of
> God, and so there is nothing really wrong with evolution. This is
> a false statement. The teaching of evolution has an erosive effect. It
> is subtle and harmful. Evolution is in opposition to the doctrine that
> we are children of God, the creation, the fall and the atonement, and
> warps all moral law. In the Book of Mormon, we learn about the
> anti-Christs such as Sherem, Nehor and Korihor. What did they teach?
> "Every man fared in this life according to the management of the
> creature; therefore every man prospered according to his genius, and
> that every man conquered according to his strength; and whatsoever a man
> did was no crime." These are the same doctrines that come from the
> teaching of evolution. It's a plan of selfishness. It contradicts the
> golden rule. It leads to situational ethics. It slaps mankind in the
> face. Why did many Nephites indulge in what Korihor taught? Like those
> who supported Korihor, many are now saying that what we have been taught
> in the past is the "effect of a frenzied mind; and that this derangement
> of your minds comes because of the traditions of your fathers." Why as
> BYU students are we accepting and allowing these things to be taught at
> this university? 

yup, thats right folks, all of us who have no problem with evolution being
the method of the creation of this earth and its inhabitants are basically
on satan's team. contrast this with the letter to the editor my little
brother wrote entitled "courage to understand" on [wednesday][2]: 

> The letter "Courage to believe," on Feb. 9 was an attack to both one's
> beliefs and intelligence. I am amazed how many people feel a need to
> embrace the argument by anti-theists that science and religion cannot
> coexist. Science, such as the theory of evolution, is the attempt to
> observe and figure out the means by which the world around us is the way
> it is. We don't understand the way God does what He does, and we won't
> understand until we live with Him again. We would be overwhelmed at this
> point in our eternal development if it were explained to us.
> Establishing a mean by which a few organic chemicals interacting can
> eventually become the plants and animals that enhance His children's
> lives testifies of God's infinite knowledge and wisdom. "[B]y small and
> simple things are great things brought to pass" (Alma 37: 6-7) can apply
> to all of God's works, such as the Creation. The nature of atoms, the
> effects of gravity, the process of evolution, etc., are all part of the
> intricate systems in God's Creation to make things work the way He
> wants. Understand that evolution or any of the real sciences don't
> conflict with the Gospel, and those who claim they do are manipulating
> them to deceive fools and create contentions.

a world of difference.

[1]: http://newnewsnet.byu.edu/pdf/du20090213.pdf
[2]: http://newnewsnet.byu.edu/story.cfm/71146

