+++
archive = ["2007-02"]
date = "2007-02-19T16:26:00"
slug = "1171902360"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "life is good"
aliases = ["/archive/2007/02/19/life-is-good.html", "/wp/2007/02/19/life-is-good/", "/2007/02/19/life-is-good/", "/blog/66"]
+++

damn good. this is not to brag. this is to help me be more grateful,
something that I need to be doing a lot more of these days.

I am healthy, without any major medical issues ever in my life. I don't
take medication and I have no allergies. I have relatively good physical
fitness. I work out in the weight room three times a week and have done so
for just about two years straight. I don't quite have the endurace levels
I once had, but I did run a 6:45 mile the other day, after lifting weights
and without pushing myself. I am financially sound. I am in a small amount
of debt over my scooter, but I have a solid plan for having it paid off
within the next year and a half. Currently I am in little to no debt
because of school, and with the good possibility of government grants next
semester, I should be in an even better position. I have a decently paying
on-campus job. It requires some technical skill, and I get to play with
computers all day long. I have a high GPA, allowing me to be a canidate
for honors societies and dean's lists. I see no indication of my grades
going down, so I have a very good chance at getting into the graduate
school of my choice to continue my studies. This should make me quite able
to find a solid, decently paying career in the future. My family is stable
and together. My parents show no signs of marital issues, and all of us
stay close and in contact. I have a solid belief in my religious views,
which brings me a sense of stability and meaning in my life. I am active
in my church and recieve emotional and mental fulfillment through it. This
summer I will be returning to Japan, a country, culture, and people that
I love dearly. I get to spend approximately two months just learning and
soaking up an amazing experience there.

Life is good. I have no right to complain about anything. Sure, I run into
difficulties sometimes, but I can do hard things. It's time for me to be
less selfish and start giving more of what I have to others.

