+++
archive = ["2007-02"]
date = "2007-02-13T07:42:00"
slug = "1171352520"
tags = ["personal"]
title = "ok, what you have all been waiting for"
aliases = ["/archive/2007/02/13/ok-what-you-have-all-been-waiting-for.html", "/wp/2007/02/13/ok-what-you-have-all-been-waiting-for/", "/2007/02/13/ok-what-you-have-all-been-waiting-for/", "/blog/64"]
+++

spring 2006: latenighthunter and i move into university villa apartments.
the place is a dump. messing, skankiest apartment i've gone into, but it
was cheap, and the social life was decent. latenighthunter and i are all
about single rooms, but we figured we could put up with each other for at
least one term. a week or two into the term, latenighthunter is always
sleeping out on the couch. why? he says he just has an impossible time
sleeping on his own bed. he lies there and just can't sleep. so, thats
cool. a few days later, i come home from work and there is a mattress
sitting in the room on the floor. i ask latenighthunter, and he said it
was the one that had been sitting outside of the apartment for a few days
(which i remembered seeing), and since it appeared to be abonded after
sitting there for so long, he decided to bring it in. there didn't appear
to be any water damage, though i worried about bugs. latenighthunter
started sleeping on the floor of the room on this mattress every night,
and then leaning it against the wall during the day. i shoved the two beds
together and had a queen size. we were both happy.

latenighthunter went home for the summer term, but the extra mattress
remained, leaning against the wall. i didn't think about it much, until
our ward announced the final party of the summer. it was pirate themed,
and they were going to have a pirate ship race across the pool. the second
i heard that a light bulb went off it my head. a mattress is mostly air,
so it would float if it were possible to make it water proof. after a few
days of thinking, i presented the idea to my remaining roommates. the
dollar store carried full rolls of plastic wrap, so the day before the
party, brad and i went and picked up a pack of ten, along with some duct
tape. with the help of brad's girlfriend allie, he and i fully wrapped and
sealed the mattress in ten rolls of plastic wrap. we added some artistic
details (a skull and cross bones made from duct tape, a naked barbie girl
on the front of the ship, etc). the ship remained in the apartment for the
evening, hidden from our competitors eyes. but we did allow the university
villa maintenance guy to come in and take a look. he thought it was
awesome.

latenighthunter came back the day of the party, so together we planned our
attack. as the architect, i felt that my place was on the shore. brad
would captain the ship, while brett and latenighthunter would be the
motors. after the party began, we made our grand entrance. i led the
procession with a large pirate flag attached to a pole made of the used
plastic wrap rolls. my boys were dressed in pirate attire, and everyone in
the ward was obviously both amazed and intimidated by our creation. the
race was a rout. our ship, both unsinkable but quick moving easily
defeated the lesser competition. after the race was over, a full blown
"sea battle" ensued, with our ship effectively sinking all of our enemies.
we ruled the ocean.

that night we left the boat next to the poll, since had begun to take on
a little bit water during the fierce confrontation. packing up to leave
and begin a new semester began the next day, so the mattress was pushed to
the back of my mind. a day or two later, i saw a couple of guys with it in
the hot tub. the thanked me graciously for being part of such a great
invention. the next day i moved out and on to bigger and better things.

a week later, i recieved a call while at work. it was jane (i dont
remember her name actually), the manager of university villa. she asked me
if i was involved with throwing a university mattress in the pool. i said
that i had used a mattress as a pirate boat, but that as far as i knew,
the mattress was not the property of university villa. she claimed that it
was, and that our apartment collectively owed $100 for its replacement.
i told her i would speak with my roommates about the subject and get back
to her.

of course, this was total crap (i used a harsher word at the time).
whether or not this mattress was at one time the property of university
villa seemed irrelevant for these reasons:

1. it was left outside, subject to all weather conditions, for a period of
quite a few days.
2. once it was brought inside our apartment, it was not reported missing
   nor sought for.
3. it sat inside our apartment for approximately 3 months, without ever
   being reported during cleaning checks, where it would have been fully
   viewable and inspectable by university villa employees.
4. the night before the party, the maintenance guy observed and approved
   of our use of this mattress.

after discussing with the my roommates, i decided to call back jane and
present my arguments as to why we should not have to pay for the mattress.
had it been once property of university villa, it had obviously been
abandoned and forgotten. jane would have nothing of it. she demanded we
pay the price for what she claimed was a mattress sorely missed by the
complex. had we removed the mattress right after the party, it would have
never been missed, so it certainly appeared like a money grab. my mother,
out visiting for education week, stood by listening. after a time of
speaking with jane and getting no where, i became frustrated and raised my
voice. had my mother not been there, i would have called jane things much
worse than unethical and dishonest. after almost half an hour of back and
forth, i gave up and conceded a lower price. i was willing to pay the
entire amount, not wanting to burden my roommates with my failure.

i contacted dirty egg (who still lived at the villa), and he, admittedly
upset, went down to the office and had a chat with jane in person. for
some reason, he was more successful than i (he says it was because he was
more calm than i, and he told her the mattress was by the dumpster when
found, a fact that i am unsure about to this day). so, supposedely we were
not charged, but the $30 check i recieved in the mail seemed a bit
suspicious. i highly doubt that we left the aparment dirty enough to be
charged $70 cleaning fees. but by that time, i had stopped caring, and
decided jane would have to live with her decision.

so, in summary:

- mattresses wrapped in plasted wrap are amazing pool toys.
- university villa is a trash heap, POS apartment complex with unethical
  management. (pass it on. i told jane i would make sure this message got
  out as far and wide as possible).
- we had a ton of fun, and i would pay $70 to do it again.

